With the presented improved switch, the phase noise varies no more than 3dB at different digital control bits.	应用给出的开关设计,相位噪声在不同的数字位控制下变化不超过3dB.
Using the device simulator ISE TCAD We simulated a novel fabrication technique of the formation of Ohmic contact with n+ polycrystal silicon/n+ SiC heterojunctions.	采用器件仿真软件ISE TCAD模拟了n+多晶硅/n+SiC异质结形成欧姆接触的新的SiC欧姆接触制造技术.
The overlap of two adjacent PTCAD molecules due to the presence of delocalized large π bonds and the compact combination of the p-rings in PTCDA molecules and vacancies in ITO are the factors which eventually lead to the formation of PTCAD island-like structures.	相邻两层PTCDA分子由于存在离域大π键而交叠和PTCDA分子中的p环与ITO的In空位的紧密结合是最终导致PTCDA 岛状结构形成的原因.
Oxide traps generated by stress will cause the increase of stress-induced leakage current and the decrease of charge to breakdown, and it may also cause the degradation of off-state drain leakage current.	应力产生的氧化层陷阱将会引起应力引起的泄漏电流增加,击穿电荷减少,也会造成关态漏泄漏电流的退化.
Using a time-dependent two-dimensional heat conduction model, we analyzed temperature distribution and time evolution in the waveguide layer of ridge-shaped InGaN laser diodes grown and fabricated on sapphire substrate.	利用含时二维热传导模型分析了蓝宝石衬底上生长、制作的脊形InGaN激光器内波导层的温度分布和时间演化规律.
We have proposed a new approach to design and implement an interpolation filter. The design has been implemented..	提出了一种插值滤波器的设计与实现的新方法,并最终将其实现.
Accordingly, it is necessary to consider these factors when designing molecular devices based on doped nanotubes.	因此,基于掺杂管的分子器件的设计中很有必要考虑这些因素.
By improving the materials growth and the process, we obtained a maximum PVCR of the device at room temperature of 2.4 and a peak current density of 36.8kA/cm2.	经过材料生长设计和工艺的改进,测得室温下器件的最高PVCR为2.4,峰值电流密度达到36.8kA/cm2.
The test results showed that the power consumption of the transceiver was 127mW/channel.	测试表明,收发器功耗为127mW/通道.
Si/Si bonding has been achieved at low temperatures by introducing Ti/Au layers. The bonding temperature can be reduced to 414℃.	在Si/Si之间采用Ti/Au金属过渡层,实现了Si/Si低温键合,键合温度可低至414°C.
These properties make such devices more suitable for the application aspects of low-voltage, low-power, and high-frequency.	这些特性使此类器件更适合于低压、低功耗及高频方面的应用.
We measured the DC parameters after radiation and annealing.	测试了辐照及退火后的直流电参数.
However, CIGS films with the same composition may have different preferential crystallization orientations, most of which are of two orientations, (112) and (220)/(204). The crystallization morphologies also diverge significantly. The film cell with a larger grain size and a column shape has a higher efficiency. Although the CIGS films are considered to be Cu-poor structures from the compositions of Cu/(In+Ga)<1, most of the CIG as determined by Hall measurement.	但是组成相同的CIGS薄膜,其结晶择优取向可能不同,主要有(112)和(220)/(204)两种;其结晶形貌也有很大的不同,晶粒粗大且成柱状的薄膜电池效率高,虽然从Cu/(In+Ga)<1的组成可以认为CIGS薄膜为贫Cu结构,但Hall测试多数CIG
By high-pressure hydrogen loading, with KrF excimer laser pulses (operating at wavelength of 248nm), the variation of the induced refractive index of the waveguide material reaches 0.005, a relative increase of 0.34%.	经过高压载氢处理,利用KrF准分子激光脉冲(工作波长为248nm)在波导材料中诱导出的折射率变化量达到0.005,相对值约增加0.34%.
By applying a relatively strict mathematical treatment to the measured reflection spectra and transmission spectra, we calculate the important physical quantities describing the macroscopic optical properties of thin film, i.e., the absorption coefficient, extinction coefficient, and refractive index of thin film	对测量的反射谱和透射谱采用较严格的数学处理,计算得到了描述薄膜宏观光学特性的重要物理量,即薄膜的吸收系数、消光系数、折射率
The C+ dopant SiNx thin film is treated in a normal annealing stove for 2 hours at 800°C.	对C+注入的SiNx薄膜在800°C的温度下,进行2h的常规炉退火处理.
Additionally, sintering of single PZT sample can result in stratification of the ceramic, which can be suppressed by sintering multiple PZT samples all at once or by using more advanced sintering processes.	此外,对单块的PZT样品进行烧结还会出现陶瓷分层现象,将多块样品放在一起烧结或采用先进的烧结工艺有利于抑制分层
Measurements carried out on 0.18µm×0.15µm nMOS devices indicate that the two-dimensional position of oxide layer traps in deep sub-micron devices can be calculated accurately using this method, which provides a new means for evaluating the reliability of deep sub-micron devices.	对0.18μm×0.15μm nMOS器件的测量结果表明,利用该方法可以准确计算深亚微米器件氧化层陷阱的二维位置,还为深亚微米器件的可靠性评估提供了一种新的手段.
The stress-temperature curve indicates that the stress relaxation temperature of Ni1-xPtxSi alloy film increases with increasing Pt content, from 440°C (pure NiSi film) to 620°C (pure PtSi film).	应力随温度变化曲线的分析表明,Ni1-xPtxSi合金硅化物薄膜的应力驰豫温度随Pt含量的增加,从440°C(纯NiSi薄膜)升高到620°C(纯PtSi薄膜).
AFM results showed that the film is composed of many sub-micron crystalline grains stacking in an identical direction.	AFM显示薄膜是由许多亚微米量级的晶粒按一致的取向规则堆砌而成的.
A Φ10mm×20mm PbI2 crystal has been grown by a special technique using a Pb-rich mixture.	以富Pb配料,采用特殊工艺生长出尺寸为Φ10mm×20mm的PbI2晶体.
The reflectivity index of the thin films obtained by varying the Si and SiO2 evaporation rates changes between the reflectivity of the two Si and SiO2 films.	通过改变两种膜料蒸发速率的比例,得到的各个膜层,其折射率大小在两种膜料折射率之间的范围内变化.
The mirror is composed  of three parts: a 2mm-thick polymeric membrane mirror, a support brace of a 6mm-thick grid of patterned photoresist and a photoconductive substrate of GaAs.	它包括三个部分:以聚脂薄膜为主体做成的2μm厚的镜面,支撑镜面的6μm高栅格状的支撑柱,由光敏材料砷化镓(GaAs)构成的感光底层.
A novel high-linearity sampling switch suitable for low power supply voltage is proposed.	提出了一种适用于低电源电压的新型高线性度采样开关.
The measurement results show the acquisition time is about 150ns at a 37%  input frequency variation and an output RMS jitter of 39ps at 640MHz.	测试结果表明输入频率变化在捕获范围的37%时,捕获时间为150ns;输出频率为640MHz时,均方根抖动为39ps
Experimental results showed that the sensor has a sensitivity of 8.0 to the enthanol gas with a concentration of 500ppm. The power consumption is 261mW, which is 2/3 of that of the sintering sensor made of identical sensing material. The response time is about 1.5s and the recovery time is about 2.5s. This sensor is a micro-structure enthanol gas sensor with low power consumption, high sensitivity, and high stability.	实验测得该传感器对于500ppm浓度乙醇气体的灵敏度为8.0,功耗为261mW,是同种敏感材料烧结型传感器功耗的2/3,响应时间约为1.5s,恢复时间约为2.5s,是一种功耗低、灵敏度高、稳定性好的微结构乙醇气体传感器
The experiment results showed that, using this growth technique, the density of the residual Ga droplets on the surface of the Ga-polar GaN epi-layer is greatly reduced, which improves the surface profile of the GaN epi-layer, with a root-mean-square (RMS) roughness decreased from 3nm to 0.6nm. The XRD double crystal rocking curve also showed an improvement in the crystal quality of the GaN epi-layer.	实验结果表明:采用该技术生长的Ga极性GaN外延薄膜中的晶体表面残留Ga滴密度大大降低,GaN外延薄膜的表面形貌得到改善,其均方根粗糙度(RMS) 由3nm降低为0.6nm,同时XRD双晶摇摆曲线测试的结果表明,GaN外延层的晶格质量也得到改善.
Using conventional internal gettering technology, the order of the nickel contamination has no effect on the formation of the denuded zone.	采用传统的内吸杂工艺,镍沾污的次序对洁净区的形成没有影响.
After charging, the voltage of the Li-ion battery is 4.18	充电完成后,锂电池电压为4.18
In this routing system framework, in order to optimize the circuit performance, the key routing network is assigned a higher priority during the routing.	在该布线系统框架中,为了优化电路性能,在布线中关键线网被赋予更高的优先级.
The charge accumulation effect of double steps breaks the three-time relationship of the vertical electric field traditionally limited by zero interface charges. The electric field in the buried oxide layer can achieve 200V/μm. Furthermore, the modulation effect of double steps on the surface electric field causes the surface electric field to achieve a nearly ideal uniform distribution.	双面阶梯的电荷积累作用使其纵向电场突破了传统上受界面电荷为零限制的3倍关系,埋氧层的电场可以高达200V/μm;而且双面阶梯对表面电场的调制作用使其表面电场达到近乎理想的均匀分布.
We proposed the power amplifier’s circuit structure, the amplifier’s major modules, final layout, and the testing results. Finally, we implemented the circuit with the CSMC 0.6μm double poly double metal CMOS process.	介绍了功率放大器的电路结构、放大器的主要模块、最终版图和测试结果,最后此电路在上华0.6μm双层多晶硅、双层金属的CMOS工艺上实现.
According to the JKR contact theory, the criterion of microroughness for self-propagating wafer bonding is derived, where the microroughness model is based on a sinusoidal distribution model for gap length and gap height.	根据JKR接触理论,推导出晶片直接键合时晶片接触表面粗糙度需要满足的条件,其中晶片接触表面粗糙度的描述是基于缝隙长度和缝隙高度的正弦波模型.
This research provides a new researching method for dynamic characterization of border traps and the reliability of this kind of devices.	该研究为边界陷阱动力学和此类器件可靠性提供了新的研究手段.
The fabrication process of nano VCSEL is introduced here. Spectra and lifetime properties of the devices are also analyzed.	文中介绍了纳米孔径垂直腔面发射激光器的制备工艺,并对它的光谱特性和寿命特性进行了分析.
The simulation results show that the optical coupling efficiency is determined by fiber position, the lens dimension of the chips, and the shape of the light source.	模拟结果显示,耦合效率的大小由光纤位置、芯片透镜尺寸和激光光源光斑形状共同决定.
A CMOS optoelectronic integrated circuit (OEIC) receiver consists of an adjustive cascade transimpedance amplifier (TIA) and double photo diodes (DPD) is designed.	设计了一个由调节型级联跨阻抗放大器(TIA)和双光电二极管(DPD)构成的CMOS光电集成(OEIC)接收机.
The photodetector has an area of 50μm×50μm, with a capacitance of 0.17pF. Its dark current is smaller than 17nA under 4V voltage biasing.	探测器光敏面积为50μm×50μm,电容为0.17pF, 4V偏压下的暗电流小于17nA.
In this design, a dual-edge-triggered phase frequency detector and a self-regulated voltage controlled oscillator are employed and discussed in detail.	在这个方案中,采用了双边触发的鉴频鉴相器(dual-edge-triggered phase frequency detector)和自调节压控振荡器(self-regulated voltage controlled oscillator) 并进行了详细的分析.
Ti and Ni are deposited in sequence on the surface of the active regions. After metallization annealing, Ni2Si is identified by XRD analysis as the dominant phase.	Ti和Ni依次淀积在有源区的表面,金属化退火后的XRD分析结果表明Ni2Si是主要的合金相.
Using quantum optics and polaron canonical transformation methods, we studied the exciton dynamic behavior of a single quantum dot in a semiconductor microcavity at finite temperature. We obtained the function curve of the variation of the vacuum Rabi splitting of the exciton along with the temperature analytically.	采用量子光学和极化子正则变换的方法研究了有限温度下半导体微腔中单量子点的激子动力学行为,并解析得到了激子真空拉比分裂随温度变化的函数关系.
XRD, Hall effect measurement, UV transmittance spectra and other research techniques are used to analyze crystal structure, electrical properties, and band gap.	用X射线衍射分析(XRD) 、Hall测试仪和紫外可见(UV)透射谱等研究方法对其晶体结构、电学性能和禁带宽度进行分析.
This model is based on the Materka leakage current model, but improves the method for modeling the channel modulation factor and the saturation voltage coefficient. An improved charge conservation model is used for the capacitor model.	在Materka漏电流模型基础上,改进了沟道调制因子和饱和电压系数的建模方式,电容模型采用了改进的电荷守恒模型.
Using a self-developed phase lock-in amplifier and a feedback control circuit, we obtained a demodulation curve with excellent linearity.	利用自行研制的锁相放大器和反馈控制电路,得到了线性度很好的解调曲线.
Simultaneously We discussed the issue of lattice plane mismatch in the axiotaxy.	同时讨论了轴延中的晶面失配问题.
We studied the reflective properties of conventional DBR and coupled DBR in Al0.6Ga0.4As/AlAs of a 630nm peak wavelength high brightness AlGaInP LED using the interference matrix model in optical coating theory. The simulated DBR structures are grown by LP-MOCVD, its reflection spectrum was measured, and the experiment results and the simulation results are basically the same.	采用光学薄膜理论中干涉矩阵模型计算了峰值波长为630nm的AlGaInP红光LED的Al0.6Ga0.4As/AlAs材料的常规DBR和复合DBR的反射谱特性,用LP-MOCVD方法生长了模拟设计的DBR结构,测量了其白光反射谱,实验与模拟结果基本符合.
We have designed a new structural InP/InGaAs/InP double heterojunction bipolar transistor (DHBT). An n+-InP layer is inserted between the collector and the base, to reduce the conduction band barrier spike of the collector junction, and to overcome the current blocking effect.	设计了一种新结构InP/InGaAs/InP双异质结双极晶体管(DHBT) ,在集电区与基区之间插入n+-InP层,以降低集电结的导带势垒尖峰,克服电流阻挡效应.
The performance of the final monolithically attenuator is as follows: the insertion loss is less than 5dB; the maximum attenuation is greater than 31dB; the voltage standing wave ratios for all states of the two ports are less than 1.5; the attenuation accuracy for all states is within ±0.3dB; the phase variation (relative to the ground state) is between -5o and 20o; the input power at 1dB compression point is 22dBm (10GHz).	最终的单片衰减器性能如下:插入损耗<5dB;最大衰减量>31dB;两端口所有态的电压驻波比<1.5;所有态衰减精度<±0.3dB;相位变化量(相对于基态)在-5°~20°之间;1dB压缩点输入功率22dBm(10GHz).
The formula for the maximum static mode-lock frequency range of the multi-quantum-well laser is given. The perturbation equation of the four dimensional system of the pumped multi-quantum-well laser under first-order approximation and the eigenvalue equation, as well as their solutions, are derived. The Hopf bifurcation condition of the system is given. The dynamic stability of the system is theoretically and numerically analyzed. The oscillation frequency equivalence of the laser at single-period, dual-period, and hexa-period is obtained via further simulation.	给出了多量子阱激光器静态锁模最大频域公式,导出了注入多量子阱激光器四维系统的一次近似下扰动方程和本征值方程及解,给出了该系统的Hopf分岔条件,理论和数值分析了系统的动力学稳定性行为,并进一步模拟得出激光单周期、双周期、六周期时振荡频率等值.
ZnO:Dy3+ nano powder has been prepared through solid phase reaction. X-ray diffraction, a transmission electron microscope, and selected area electron diffraction results verified that the ZnO:Dy3+ nano powder has a hexagonal wurtzite polycrystalline structure.	通过固相反应法制备了ZnO:Dy3+纳米粉末,样品的X射线衍射、透射电镜和选区电子衍射证实了ZnO:Dy3+纳米粉末属于六方纤锌矿多晶结构.
We also found that the highly compensated SiC transforms from n-type to p-type at low temperature, and we analyzed the cause of the phenomenon theoretically.	同时发现重度补偿的SiC在较低温度时由n型转变成了p型,并从理论上分析了产生这种现象的原因.
Based on theoretical derivation in conjunction with two-dimensional numerical simulation, we propose an analytical expression for the free carrier lifetime in an SOI ridge waveguide with a zero reverse-bias pin structure, which is consistent with the experimental results obtained by other researchers.	通过理论推导结合二维数值模拟的方法,提出了带有零反偏pin结构的SOI脊形波导中自由载流子寿命的解析表达式,该解析表达式与他人的实验结果相符.
In order to suppress short channel effect and to improve device drive ability, we used key technologies such as a 1.7nm N/O stack gate dielectric, a non-CMP planarization technology, a T-type refractory W/TiN metal stack gate electrode, a novel super-steep retrograde channel doping technology using heavy ion implantation, and a double sidewall technology.	为抑制短沟道效应并提高器件驱动能力,采用的关键技术主要包括:1.7nm N/O叠层栅介质,非CMP平坦化技术,T型难熔W/TiN金属叠层栅电极,新型重离子超陡倒掺杂沟道剖面技术以及双侧墙技术.
The analysis methods used in this paper have some universality. Other similar structures and devices can also be analyzed using this method.	文中所采用的分析方法具有一定的普适性,其他类似结构和器件亦可采用此方法进行分析.
When the temperature distribution in the junction is non-uniform, for the currents flowing through the pn junction, the lower one is more thermotaxic than the higher one.	当结温分布不均匀时,对于通过pn结的电流,小电流比大电流更具有趋热性.
Using the actual temperature distribution in the junction of a transistor obtained from the infrared image, we obtain the corresponding thermal spectrum curve via thermal spectrum analysis, and further establish a parallel-connected sub-transistors model for the transistor, on the basis of which we confirm the existence of the excessive thermotaxis effect of small current in pn junction through experiments and theoretical calculations.	对于从红外热像图得到的实际的晶体管结温分布,通过热谱分析方法获得该温度分布对应的热谱曲线,进而建立了晶体管子管并联模型,并在此基础上,经过实验和理论计算证实了pn结中小电流过趋热效应存在的真实性.
The study indicates that in the aspect of developing the techniques used for preparing large area long wavelength HgCdTe epitaxy materials that require low dislocation density, Si	研究结果表明,在发展需要低位错密度的大面积长波HgCdTe外延材料制备技术方面,Si
We have successfully fabricated the device with a U-shaped emitter area of 2μm×12μm. The peak common-emitter DC gain is over 300. The offset voltage is approximately 0.16V. The knee voltage is only 0.6V. The breakdown voltage is about 6V.	成功制作了U型发射极尺寸为2μm×12μm的器件,其峰值共射直流增益超过300,残余电压约为0.16V,膝点电压仅为0.6V,而击穿电压约为6V.
BSR Ge-doped single crystal silicon solar cells have a highest AM0 efficiency of 12.3%.	BSR锗掺杂单晶硅太阳电池的AM0效率最高为12.3%.
We fabricated a double-layer green organic light-emitting-device (OLED) with a structure of indium-tin-oxide (ITO)/polystyrene (PS):N, N’-bis-(3-Naphthyl)-N, N’-biphenyl-(1,1’-biphenyl)-4,4’-diamine (NPB)/tris-(8-hydroxyquinoline)-aluminum (Alq3) /Mg:Ag.	制备了结构为indium-tin-oxide (ITO)/polystyrene (PS)∶N, N’-bis-(3-Naphthyl)-N, N’-biphenyl-(1,1’-biphenyl)-4,4’-diamine (NPB)/tris-(8-hydroxyquinoline)-aluminum (Alq3) /Mg∶Ag的绿光双层有机电致发光器件(OLED).
The charge retention time of the EEPROM unit at given applied voltage is derived assuming the charge loss mechanism is a Fowler-Nordheim tunneling effect. A simplified life time formula for the EEPROM unit has also been obtained through experiments.	在假定电荷流失机制为Fowler-Nordheim隧穿效应的情况下,推出了EEPROM单元在给定外加电压下的电荷保持时间,并通过实验得出了简化的EEPROM单元寿命公式.
Using 0.13μm CMOS RF and mixed signal technology, we carried out the optimized design and chip fabrication of RF nMOS field effect transistors.	用0.13μm CMOS射频和混合信号工艺进行了射频nMOS场效应晶体管版图的优化设计和芯片制作.
A novel sandwich-type silicon micro-mechanical capacitance accelerometer with an “eight-cantilever-mass-block” structure is proposed, and the devices with output signal have been fabricated on (111) silicon wafer by micro-mechanical fabrication process.	提出了一种具有“8悬臂梁-质量块”结构的新型三明治式硅微机械电容式加速度计,用微机械加工工艺在(111)硅片上制作出了具有信号输出的器件.
Test results show that after the oxide was removed from the nanowire, its resistance increases gradually as it is exposed to air.	大气中对其电学特性测量表明,剥离了表面氧化层的纳米线的电阻会随放置时间的增长而逐渐增大.
The ADC exhibits an effective number of bits (ENOB) of 9.16 for a 29MHz input frequency at 30MHz sampling clock, which maintains 8.75 ENOB for input signals of 70MHz.	在30MHz采样时钟,29MHz输入信号下测试,可以得到9.16bit有效位的输出,在输入信号为70MHz时,仍然有8.75bit有效位.
Based on theory and experiment, it is found that a semi-insulating GaAs photoconductive switch is a photo-induced domain device. The generation of photo-induced carriers causes the product of carrier concentration and device length to satisfy the condition for generating spatial charge domains.	进而从理论和实验两方面指出半绝缘GaAs光电导开关是一种光注入畴器件,光生载流子的产生使得载流子浓度与器件长度乘积满足产生空间电荷畴所需的条件.
Because the base μ-bridge and emitter air-bridge reduce parasitic capacitance efficiently, the cutoff frequency of the 2μm×12.5μm InP SHBT reaches 178GHz.	由于基极微空气桥和发射极空气桥结构有效地减小了寄生,发射极尺寸为2μm×12.5μm的InP HBT的截止频率达到了178GHz.
We propose a Sigma-Delta modulator for a GSM system.	设计了一个用于GSM系统的Sigma-Delta调制器.
A new super junction LDMOST structure that suppresses the substrate-assisted depletion effect in the traditional transverse super junction structure is designed with an n+ -floating layer embedded in the high-resistance p-type substrate by implanting phosphor or arsenic.	提出了一种具有n+浮空层的横向super junction结构,此结构通过磷或砷离子注入在高阻衬底上形成n+浮空层来消除传统横向super junction结构中的衬底辅助耗尽效应.
AFM and PL measurements show: as InGaAs deposition increases the density of quantum dots significantly increases, the size distribution of quantum dots gradually approaches uniformity and trends toward an equilibrium value.	AFM和PL测试表明:随着InGaAs沉积量的增加,量子点的密度显著增加,量子点的尺寸分布渐趋均匀并倾向于一平衡值.
This transient method is a contact free measurement with high precision, applicable for the testing of film thermoelectric devices. In addition, the time consumption of the transient method is short, which can greatly shorten the reliability test period for semiconductor coolers.	这种瞬态方法是非接触式测量,准确度高,可用于薄膜热电器件测试;另外瞬态方法耗时短,可大大缩短半导体制冷器可靠性测试的周期.
Using this method, we have extracted the SOI MOSFET model parameters of standard 1.2μm CMOS/SOI technology developed based on the Institute of Microelectronics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. The simulation data using this model is in excellent agreement with experimental data. The precision is improved noticeably compared with commercial softwares.	用这种方法提取了基于中国科学院微电子研究所开发的标准的1.2μm CMOS/SOI工艺的SOI MOSFET模型参数,用此模型模拟的数据与测试数据吻合很好,与商业软件相比精度得到了明显的提高.
Finally, based on above mechanism, we developed a mechanism model of molecular-scale CMP material removal, and the results are accordant with others' experimental results. This work provides the theoretical foundation for further research on molecular-scale CMP material removal.	最后,以此机理为基础,建立了单分子层材料去除模型,结果与他人实验相吻合,为进一步研究CMP 中单分子层材料去除机理提供了理论依据.
The slant lower electrode was fabricated on silicon wafer of a certain tilting angle (111).	在偏一定角度的(111)硅片上制作了倾斜的下电极.
Measurement results show that the humidity sensor integrated on the chip has a good DC output characteristic, between 5 and 35°C, and good long-time stability.	测量结果表明,片上集成湿度传感器在5~35°C有较好的直流输出特性,并且长时间稳定性良好.
The results show that the new structure features high breakdown voltage, low on-resistance, and charge balance in the drift region.	结果表明这种结构具有高的击穿电压、低的导通电阻和漂移区中电荷平衡的特点.
The equivalent circuit model obtained by parameter extraction is very helpful to RF circuit designers as well.	提参得到的等效电路模型对于射频电路设计者来说也是非常有用的.
Using the Keldysh-Green function, we studied in theory the electron transport properties of two coupled quantum dots under optical pumping.	运用Keldysh格林函数,理论研究了在光学泵作用下的两个耦合量子点的电子输运性质.
Tests show that the temperature coefficient is ±36.3ppm/°C from 0 to 100°C when the VID input is 11110.	测试结果表明,温度变化范围为0~100°C,温度系数为±36.3ppm/°C (VID=11110).
In order to solve the problem of rapid increase of simulation time with increasing circuit scale when using transistor level circuit simulation to analyze the static power consumption of a CMOS circuit, based on the analysis of the influence of transistor stacking effect on the standard unit leakage current, a normalized stacking coefficient and circuit equivalent stacking coefficient are defined and the static power consumption evaluation model based on the circuit equivalent stacking coefficient is proposed.	为了解决利用晶体管级电路模拟分析CMOS电路静态功耗时模拟时间随电路规模增大迅速增加的问题,在分析晶体管堆叠效应对标准单元泄漏电流影响的基础上,定义了归一化堆叠系数和电路等效堆叠系数的概念,提出了基于电路有效堆叠系数的静态功耗评估模型.
At 180oC, the bump and the interconnecting interface have presented the migration of intermetallic-compounds in the moving direction of electron flow in the process of electromigration.  The evolvement process presents a significant polarized effect. Intermetallic-compounds ripen, flake, and migrate on the cathode interconnecting interface; while a large amount of intermetallic-compounds accumulation appears on the anode interconnecting interface.	在180°C条件下,凸点及互连界面在电迁移过程中出现了金属间化合物沿电子流运动方向的迁移,其演化过程呈现出显著的极性效应:阴极互连界面发生了金属间化合物的熟化、剥落和迁移;阳极互连界面则出现了金属间化合物的大量聚集.
According to the neural signal properties, the bandwidth of the functional electrical stimulation signal generator circuit is defined from 1Hz to 400kHz. The gain is about 66dB with an output impedance of 90Ω. The IC can function under a single supply voltage of 3~5V.	根据神经信号的特点,神经功能激励电路的频率响应带宽设计为1Hz~400kHz,输出电阻为90Ω时的增益为66dB,可以在3~5V的工作电压下正常工作.
Aiming at the requirement of anti-electromagnetic interference, we proposed a light-activated Darlington transistor design consisting of SiCGe/3C-SiC heterojunction.	针对抗电磁干扰的需要提出了一种由SiCGe/3C-SiC异质结构成的光控达林顿晶体管设计.
The method employed in this flow includes primarily the following steps: first of all, the transmission cross coefficient matrix representing the pure optical model is orthogonally projected to a matrix with smaller scale via circular sampling, and the mask pattern is represented by the same sampling basis; the new system is then calibrated semi-empirically using the exact 3D simulation result or the SEM contour picture of the target circuit layout.	该流程采用的方法主要包括:首先将代表纯光学模型的传输交叉系数矩阵通过圆极化采样正交投影成更小规模的矩阵,同时用该组相同的极化采样基表示掩模图形;然后用目标电路版图的严格3D仿真结果或其SEM轮廓图对该新系统进行半经验化的校正.
Simultaneously, we have proposed a new implementation structure for identical subfilters, which further reduces the hardware required to implement the chip.	同时,提出了一种新型的等同子滤波器实现结构,进一步减少了芯片实现所需的硬件.
The paper describes the single mode lasing of strain-compensated In1-xGax As/In1-yAlyAs quantum cascade lasers with wavelengths at 5.4 and 7.84μm.	报道了激射波长为5.4和7.84μm的应变补偿In1-xGaxAs/In1-yAlyAs量子级联激光器的单模激射.
Testing results demonstrated that the performance of this optoelectronic integrated receiver approaches the application requirement.	测试结果表明,该光电集成接收机的性能已接近实用要求.
The measurements of an X-ray diffractometer and a field emission scanning electron microscope indicate that the fabricated ZnO films have a certain c-axis orientation. But the films present many defects.	X射线衍射仪和扫描电子显微镜测量表明,制备的ZnO薄膜具有一定的c轴取向,但薄膜存在较多缺陷.
Using double crystal X-ray diffraction scanning ω and θ-2θ and the photoluminescence at room temperature, we have investigated the influence of different temperatures on the structure and the lighting performance of ZnO films.	用X射线双晶衍射ω和θ-2θ扫描、室温光致发光研究了不同生长温度对ZnO薄膜的结构、发光性能的影响.
Using ion implantation with energies of 100kev and 180keV and a dosage of 5E15cm-2, nitrogen impurities are implanted into a single crystal silicon wafer from both sides, followed by rapid thermal processing (RTP) at different temperatures.	利用离子注入以100和180keV的能量和5E15cm-2的剂量向单晶硅片双面注入氮杂质,然后进行不同温度的快速热处理(RTP) .
We obtained high quality etching masks by optimizing these parameters.	通过合理优化这些参数,我们得到了高质量的掩膜图形.
By comparing the crystallization volume ratio of Si-based films with a series of deposition process condition relations and the crystallization volume ratio of the films obtained from TFT, we can clearly show the hastening effect of SiNx on crystallization.	由硅基薄膜晶化体积比与系列沉积工艺条件关系和TFT所得薄膜晶化体积比的对比,可清晰证实SiNx对晶化的促进作用.
We present a design for an adaptive gain phase-locked loop (PLL) that features fast acquisition, low jitter, and a wide tuning range.	提出了一种快捕获,低抖动,宽调节范围的增益自适应锁相环的设计.
We experimentally observed the luminescent properties of a single nanowire and found the optical transmission loss of ZnO nanowire is very low.	实验观测了单根纳米线的荧光特性,发现ZnO纳米线光传输损耗很低.
We found that, the plateau structure of the current-voltage curve and resonant peaks of the transmission coefficient can be explained by the local density of the states of the quantum dots.	发现了电流-电压曲线上的平台结构以及透射系数的共振峰,可以由量子点的局域态密度来解释.
We have used an Agilent ICCAP measurement system to collect data for HV MOS transistors, and analyzed the effects of gate-source, source-drain, and substrate voltages on the source-drain resistance, as well as the difference compared with standard process low-voltage MOS transistors. We modified the algorithm in the source code of the BSIM3 model for the parameters of source-drain resistance Rds. While keeping the original parameters of BSIM3v3, we added a secondary gate-voltage modulation factor, Prwg2, of Rds and a gate-voltage modulation factor, δ1, of effective Vds parameter δ.	研究中使用Agilent ICCAP测量系统对HV MOS晶体管进行数据采集,并分析其源漏电阻受栅源、源漏和衬底电压的影响及与标准工艺低压MOS晶体管的差异,针对BSIM3模型源代码中源漏电阻Rds的相关参数算法进行了改进,保留BSIM3v3原有参数的同时增加了Rds的二次栅压调制因子Prwg2和有效Vds参数δ的栅压调制因子δ1,
Simulation of the receivers showed that the pre-equalization method using the third-order ladder network peaking technique can effectively increase the sensitivity and the speed of the receiver and can realize a 0.35μm CMOS optoelectronic integrated receiver with a sensitivity of -14dBm, a 3dB band width of 2GHz, and a BER of 1e-12.	对接收机的模拟结果表明:采用三次阶梯网络峰化技术的前均衡方案可有效提高光接收机的灵敏度和速度,并可实现灵敏度为-14dBm, 3dB带宽为2GHz, BER为1e-12的0.35μm CMOS光电集成接收机.
InAs single crystals with a diameter of 50mm and oriented at <100> and <111> directions, respectively, have been grown using the liquid encapsulated Czochralski (LEC) method.	利用液封直拉法(LEC)生长了直径50mm〈100〉和〈111〉晶向的InAs单晶.
In WCDMA mode, IIP3 at unit gain …	在单位增益的情况下,WCDMA模式下的IIP3
The basis of this method is that the temperature variation of an etchant film is always induced by the absorption or release of chemical heat during the startup of the reaction. The startup time can be determined by the real-time collection of infrared thermal images over the course of the temperature variation.	该方法的实质是利用反应启动时必然有化学热吸收或释放,从而引起材料表面液层温度变化这一特点,通过红外热像实时监测系统,采集液层温度变化过程的红外热像,从而判断反应启动时长.
The higher the subsequent annealing temperature, the faster the re-growth of oxygen precipitation in silicon wafers subjected to the dissolution treatment.	氧沉淀消融处理后,后续退火的温度越高,氧沉淀的再生长越快.
This property can be used to study and calculate the uniformity of the junction temperature distribution. It’s a significant finding for the reliability analysis of semiconductor devices.	利用这一特性可以研究晶体管结温分布的不均匀性,计算结温分布的不均匀度,对半导体器件可靠性分析具有重要的意义.
We done a theoretical research on a realistic measurement setup – a two-state (quantum bit) or a multi-state system measured by a mesoscopic measurement apparatus.	对于一个实际的测量装置,即被介观测量仪器所测量的两态(量子比特)或多态量子系统做了理论研究.
We analyze the influence of outside inertial shock on switching properties of RF MEMS, which is encapsulated in a low vacuum environment.	分析了外界惯性冲击对低真空封装的旁路电容式RF MEMS开关性能的影响.
We have measured the field emission performances of the CNTs cathodes into which different amounts of nano silver are doped. The results indicate that when the mass ratio of CNTs : Ag is 1 : 1, CNTs cathodes have the best field emission performance, with a threshold electric field of 4.9V/μm. When the electric field intensity is 5.7V/μm,	测量了不同纳米银掺入量的CNTs阴极的场发射性能,结果表明:当CNTs∶Ag质量比率为1∶1时,CNTs阴极具有最好的场发射性能,阈值电场为4.9V/μm,当电场强度为5.7V/μm
The logic function of each neuron MOS transistor is formulated using transmission switch operation.	对每个神经元MOS管的逻辑功能均采用传输开关运算予以表示.
To achieve a lower over-sampling ratio for low power purpose, we adopt a multi-stage noise shaping (MASH) structure which is more stable and easier realized than a single-loop structure.	为了能取得较低的过采样率以降低功耗,采用了级联结构(MASH)来实现,与单环高阶结构相比,它具有稳定及易于实现的优点.
Different from a normal 1st mode resonance sensor, a 2nd flexural resonance mode optimization driving technique is proposed to improve the resorption mass-resolution of the sensor's characterized response and to realize a measurement solution at the molecular level.	与通常的一阶模态谐振传感器不同,为了显著提高传感器特异性反应吸附质量以实现分子水平的检测分辨率,提出了一种二阶弯曲谐振模态优化驱动的方法.
Using scanning electron microscopy and atomic force microscopy to observe the dislocation density and morphology, we have obtained a clear etching pattern.	采用扫描电子显微镜、原子力显微镜观察位错密度及表面形貌,得到了清晰的腐蚀图形.
We found polarization-induced electric fields may lead to a potential drop occurring, thus causing the AlxGa1-xN/GaN double quantum wells with symmetric structures to have asymmetric conduction bands and valence bands.	发现极化场会导致电压降的出现,从而使得结构对称的AlxGa1-xN/GaN双量子阱具有不对称的导带和价带.
Based on demonstrating their inherent properties and comparing the applications on specific cases, a deeper and broader usage of the two models is developed and predicted.	在揭示它们内在特点和比较运用在具体实例的基础上,拓展和预言了这两个模型更为深入的和更为广泛的应用.
Since the crystal planes with a high-Miller-index such as (211), (311), (331), and (411) cannot be incorporated in the current 3D CA models for bulk silicon etching (anisotropic etching of silicon), and the accuracy of a simulation is relatively low, we present a novel high-accuracy 3D continuous CA (Cellular Automata) model for simulating bulk silicon etching.	针对目前体硅腐蚀(硅各向异性腐蚀)的3D CA模型无法引入(211), (311), (331), (411)等较多高密勒指数晶面,模拟精度不高的问题,建立了一种高精度的体硅腐蚀模拟的新3D连续CA(元胞自动机)模型.
.We have presented the reason that causes the change in the performance of the inductor.	给出了引起电感性能变化的原因.
We firstly present a simplified model of leakage current and delay, and then, based on it, we bring forward a fine-grain sleep transistor insertion technique to reduce leakage current.	首先给出一种泄漏电流和延时的简化模型,并且在此基础上提出了一种降低泄漏电流的细粒度休眠晶体管插入法.
The ΣΔ A/D converter has been fabricated using a 0.5µ 5V CMOS process.	采用0.5μm 5V CMOS工艺实现ΣΔ A/D转换器.
The influences of the depth h, width b, and length L on tuning deflection and tuning velocity are investigated in detail.	研究了挠度和调谐速度与梁厚度、宽度、长度等参数的关系.
The so-called placement by stage means that the placement process is divided into several stages based on the proportion of completion of the placement, and then different kinds of heuristic strategies are properly applied in various stages so as to improve the overall performance of the algorithm.	分阶段布局就是将布局过程按照布局完成的比例划分成若干个阶段,再将各种启发式策略适当地应用到各个阶段中,从而改善算法的整体性能.
Using the sp3s tight-binding model proposed by Vogl, we investigate the relationship between the energy band structure and the photoluminescence (PL) spectrum of the Silicon carbide/nanocrystal silicon (SiC/nc-Si) multilayered film. We designed an optimal structure of the SiC/nc-Si multilayered film which is {Si}1{SiC}8. Namely, when the thickness of SiC layer is 8 times of the thickness of nc-Si layer, the super lattice structure possesses the highest efficiency of blue light emission.	用Vogl提出的sp3s紧束缚模型来研究碳化硅/纳米硅(SiC/nc-Si)多层薄膜的能带结构与其光致发光谱的关系,并设计出SiC/nc-Si多层薄膜最佳结构为{Si}1{SiC}8,即碳化硅层的厚度是纳米硅层厚度的8倍时的超晶格结构蓝光发射的效率最高.
With a driving power of less than 200mW, the device can achieve a low crosstalk of -35dB	在小于200mW的驱动功耗下,器件串扰可低至-35dB.
The paper proposed a low-power temperature sensor, which is based on CMOS sub-threshold properties, for on-chip temperature measurement and to combat overheating problems.	针对片上系统测温及其过温保护问题,提出了一种基于CMOS亚阈值特性制造的低功耗温度传感器.
	
CSMC 0.6μm mixed-signal simulation shows that the circuit works well over the temperature range from -50 to 150°C. Because the operational amplifiers with negative feedback have a high power supply rejection ratio, the circuit can output the correct result when operating between 2 to 6V.	CSMC 0.6μm数模混合工艺仿真表明,其在-50~150°C的温度范围内,都能良好工作,且因为运放负反馈结构对电源电压具有较高的抑制,在2~6V的范围内都能得到正确的输出结果.
Results show that the electrical performance and radiation resistance of MCZ solar cells with a Ge-doped concentration of (1~1.5)E19cm-3 are almost the same as those of normal CZ solar cells.	结果表明,锗掺杂浓度为(1~1.5)E19cm-3的磁控直拉单晶硅太阳电池的电性能和抗辐照性能与常规直拉硅太阳电池基本相同.
Using a detailed balance model, we have calculated the conversion efficiency of GaAs quantum well solar cells. Simultaneously, we have analyzed the several effects brought by the quantum well structure such as the quasi-Fermi level separation and the hot carrier effect. Furthermore, we introduce the effect of impact ionization into this detailed balance model. We have studied its influence on the conversion efficiency of the quantum well solar cells by calculation.	采用细致平衡模型计算了GaAs量子阱太阳能电池的转换效率,同时对量子阱结构带来的几种效应,如准费米能级分离、热载流子效应等进行了分析,并将碰撞离化效应引入此细致平衡模型中,通过计算研究了其对量子阱太阳能电池转换效率的影响.
The results indicate that, at a high doping level, the strain coefficient of the nano-film is remarkably larger than that of single crystalline silicon doped at the same level. In addition, at a doping level of around 2.5E20cm-3, the strain coefficient tends to increase with increasing dopant concentration.	结果表明:在重掺杂情况下,纳米薄膜的应变系数明显大于相同掺杂浓度下单晶硅的应变系数,而且掺杂浓度在2.5E20cm-3左右时,应变系数具有随掺杂浓度升高而增大的趋势.
This paper introduces a novel FM modulator structure.	介绍了一种全新的FM调制器结构.
The mechanism of this phenomenon is discussed and it is believed that the annealing atmosphere affects the distribution of point defects in the silicon wafer, thus further affecting the distribution of BMDs.	并对此现象的机理进行了讨论,认为热处理气氛影响了硅片中点缺陷的分布从而影响到BMDs的分布.
An inline microwave power sensor structure based on the MEMS technique is proposed, and theoretical analysis, design, fabrication and measurement on the proposed structure are carried out.	提出了一种基于MEMS技术的在线式微波功率传感器结构,并对该结构进行了理论分析、设计、制作和测量.
It consists of a bandpass filter bank, a rectifying circuit, and low pass filters.	它由带通滤波器组、整流电路和低通滤波器构成.
We proposed the fabrication and electrical performance of the back surface field and reflection (BSFR) and back surface reflection (BSR) solar cells on a 10Ω·cm magnetically confined Czochralski (MCZ) silicon substrate with a Ge-doped concentration of 1~1.5×1019cm-3.	介绍了锗掺杂浓度为(1~1.5) E19cm-3的10Ω・cm磁控直拉单晶硅衬底上BSFR (back surface field and reflection)和BSR(back surface reflection)太阳电池的制备和电性能.
In the shaper, the MOSFET resistors are connected with poly-resistors in series. The process variation is compensated for by tuning the MOSFET gate voltage and changing the resistance. Without obviously reducing the linearity, it can be guaranteed that the timing constant can be accurately controlled.	在整形器中,MOS管电阻与多晶硅电阻串联,通过调节MOS管的栅压来改变阻值,以补偿工艺的偏差,在不明显降低线性度的情况下保证了时间常数能够比较精确控制.
A high-density uniform single-layer nanometer silicon structure has been formed on insulating substrate by carrying out laser annealing and general thermal annealing on an ultra-thin amorphous silicon layer.	结合激光退火与常规热退火方法对超薄非晶硅层作用,在绝缘衬底上获得了高密度的、均匀的单层纳米硅结构.
The humidity sensor integrated on the chip is an interdigital finger capacitance structure with a polyimide humidity sensing material. The paper provides the corresponding humidity sensing model.	片上集成的湿度传感器为叉指电容式,感湿介质为聚酰亚胺,本文给出了相应的感湿模型.
The simulation results indicate that the two newly designed Dominos circuits, under the same noise margin, effectively lower the dynamic power consumption, reduce the total leakage current, and enhance the working rate simultaneously.	模拟结果表明,设计的两种新多米诺电路在同样的噪声容限下有效地降低了动态功耗,减小了总的漏电流,同时提高了工作速度.
In this transceiver, instead of the conventional analog modulation-demodulation method, a digital technique is used for data transmission.	该收发器采用数字调制和解调技术来进行数据传输,取代了传统的模拟调制解调方式.
Using this model, we calculated the temperature distribution of the Si/glass at different process parameters, and based on which, we obtained the bonding line width.	运用该模型计算了不同的工艺参数条件下硅/玻璃的温度场分布,并由此得出键合线宽.
With a substrate temperature of 200°C and a nitrogen partial pressure of 1/2, the sample shows a optical band gap of 1.23eV.	在衬底温度为200°C,氮气分压为1/2时,样品的光学带隙为1.23eV.
Within the temperature range of 300~600K, using the ISE TCAD simulation software, we have simulated and analyzed the temperature characteristics of fully depleted SOI circuits. We have obtained comprehensive static characteristics and transient characteristics of SOI CMOS inverters. Furthermore, we have proposed an improved AlN-DSOI structure.	在300~600K温度范围内,利用ISE TCAD模拟软件对全耗尽SOI电路的温度特性进行了模拟分析,得到了较全面的SOI CMOS倒相器静态特性和瞬态特性,并提出了一种改进的AlN-DSOI结构.
This amplifier is based on wave chopping and a dynamic element matching techniques, which reduce the noise and mismatch of the folded common-source common-gate amplifier. The use of a low-resistance node wave chopping approach and low voltage common-source common-gate current mirror expands the input signal bandwidth and the output voltage amplitude that can be dealt with by the amplifier.	基于斩波技术和动态元件匹配技术,降低了折叠共源共栅放大器的噪声和失调,采用低阻节点斩波的方法和低压共源共栅电流镜扩大了放大器可处理的输入信号带宽和输出电压摆幅.
This model can be applied to the optimization design of the inductors in the silicon based RF integrated circuit and further theoretical discussion.	该模型可望用于硅基射频集成电路中电感的优化设计和进一步的理论探讨.
We find that the coupling efficiency can be improved by increasing the refractive index of the coupling lens and by decreasing the cap height and the size of the coupling lens.	发现增加耦合透镜的折射率、减少管帽的高度和耦合透镜的尺寸可以提高耦合效率.
Young’s moduli of Si nano-plates without oxide layer on the surface and those with oxide layers of different thicknesses on the surface have been calculated using the energy approach.	采用能量法计算了表面不带氧化层的Si纳米板和表面带不同厚度氧化层的Si纳米板的杨氏模量.
The experiment indicated that this deep groove structure can effectively block the parasitic path, eliminate the effect of parasitic current, and optimize the performance of the device.	实验表明这种深槽结构能够有效截断寄生路径,消除寄生电流的影响,优化器件性能.
X-ray diffraction results showed that, when x is smaller than 0.28, only (002) peak at 2θ equaling to 34.46~34.67 can be observed, which indicates that the sample is a single-phase MgZnO alloy with a hexagonal wurtzite structure.	X射线衍射测量表明,随着x增加到0.28, 只在2θ为34.46~34.67°的位置观察到(002)衍射峰,表明样品为单一六角纤锌矿结构的MgZnO合金.
Surface damages on InGaAs, n-InP, and p-InP after Ar+ etching were studied, and they were removed by wet etching post treatments.	研究了Ar+刻蚀对InGaAs, n-InP和p-InP表面的损伤,并用湿法腐蚀后处理消除损伤.
The amplifiers employ a circuit structure with three-stage gate to increase gate width. Relatively high gain and low noise are achieved by properly choosing the front-stage source feedback inductance. A resistor-capacitor network is added to the DC bias to eliminate the low-frequency gain and oscillation. The three circuit stages share a set power supply via resistors. The amplifiers are easy to use and have good performance. The input-output standing wave ratio is smaller than 2.0, the power gain is as high as 24dB, and the noise coefficient is smaller than 3.5dB.	放大器设计中采用了三级级联增加栅宽的电路结构,通过前级源极反馈电感的恰当选取获得较高的增益和较低的噪声;采用直流偏置上加阻容网络,用来消除低频增益和振荡;三级电路通过电阻共用一组正负电源,使用方便,且电路性能较好,输入输出驻波比小于2.0;功率增益达24dB;噪声系数小于3.5dB.
Based on the principle, and aiming at the requirements of gas sensors, we designed a silicon beam resonator gas sensor structure, and performed simulated optimization. The device is fabricated using sacrificial surface layer MEMS technology, and the resonant frequency of the micro resonant beam is measured and confirmed by a laser frequency meter.	根据这一原理,针对气体传感器的需求,设计了硅悬臂梁谐振器化学传感器结构,进行了仿真优化,并采用MEMS表面牺牲层工艺制备该器件,激光频率仪测量验证了该微型谐振梁的谐振频率.
Through a three-step heat treatment: dehydrogenation, rapid thermal annealing, and quasi-static annealing, a phase transition from a non-crystal state to a crystal state of the a-Si:H layers occurs in the a-Si:H/SiO2 multilayered film. We obtained size-controllable nanocrystal silicon nc-Si/SiO2 multilayered film..	通过对其进行三步热处理:脱氢、快速热退火及准静态退火,使a-Si∶H/SiO2多层膜中a-Si∶H层发生非晶态到晶态的相变,获得尺寸可控的纳米硅nc-Si/SiO2多层膜.
We have tested the X-ray powder diffraction, the X-ray double-crystal rocking curve, the ultraviolet-visible spectrum, the IR transmittance, and the resistivity of the crystal.	对晶体进行了X射线粉末衍射、X射线双晶摇摆曲线、紫外-可见光光谱、红外透过率及电阻率测试.
Test shows that the center frequency of the voltage-controlled oscillator is 36GHz, the tuning-range is about 800MHz and the single sided phase noise is -98.83dBc/Hz at a 10MHz deviation from the center frequency.	测试表明:该压控振荡器中心频率为36GHz,调谐范围约为800MHz,在偏离中心频率10MHz处的单边带相位噪声为-98.83dBc/Hz.
By improving the slider liquid phase epitaxy technique, we carried out liquid phase epitaxy of HgCdTe on the (211) plane of the Si/CdTe complex substrate, and obtained an? HgCdTe epi-layer with a smooth surface.	通过改进推舟液相外延技术,成功地在(211)晶向Si/CdTe复合衬底上进行了HgCdTe液相外延生长,获得了表面光亮的HgCdTe外延薄膜.
To obtain the small-signal equivalent circuits of GaN HEMT devices, two feedback resistances, Rlgs and Rlgd, are introduced into the traditional small-signal model for GaAs HEMT. Moreover, considering the distributed effects in high frequency applications, a 19-element (with 20 parameters) small-signal equivalent circuit is presented.	为得到GaN HEMT器件的小信号等效电路,在传统的GaAs HEMT小信号模型的基础上引入了反应栅漏电流的反馈电阻Rlgs,Rlgd,并在此基础上引入分布式设计对小信号等效电路模型进一步改进,建立了19元件(20参数)的小信号等效电路拓扑结构.
With the total cavity length being kept at 1850μm, the P-I characteristic and beam quality are compared among devices with different lengths of the ridge region (LRW), i.e., 450, 700, and 950μm.	保持总腔长1850μm不变,改变脊形区的长度分别为450, 700和950μm,对比三种情况的P-I特性和光束质量.
The process may affect the occupation numbers of electrons in different subbands and the device’s current.	这一过程可以影响电子在不同子带的占据数以及器件的电流.
Based on this model and using the same method used to analyze an inverter, we analyzed the I-V properties of an RTT and explained various I-V properties with a unified theory.	在此模型中,按照处理反相器的方法来分析RTT的I-V特性,对各种不同类型的I-V特性给出了统一的解释.
All different samples manufactured under a different dose of air current have the rectification characteristic.	实验得到不同载气流量制备的样品都具有整流特性.
The chip was fabricated using the CSMC 0.5μm DPTM CMOS process. Testing results showed SNR≥82dB, THD≤0.08, and the maximum out-band emission energy is less than -90dBc/Hz.	该芯片采用CSMC 0.5μm DPTM CMOS工艺,测试结果表明,其SNR≥82dB,THD≤0.08,最大带外辐射能量低于-90dBc/Hz.
A uniform and stabilized CdTe nanocrystal – gelatin compound film is grown using a gelatin solution and CdTe nanocrystals with two different sizes.	用两种不同尺寸的CdTe纳米晶体与明胶溶液生长出均匀稳定的CdTe纳米晶体-明胶复合薄膜.
It may be found from experimental results that, because the method takes more advantage of the delay allowance of the circuit, it can reduce the leakage current by 79.75% without any influence on the circuit performance, furthermore, loosening the circuit delay restriction to some extent may greatly reduce the leakage current.	从实验结果可以发现,由于这种方法更好地利用了电路中的延时余量,所以在电路性能不受影响的情况下可以减小79.75%的泄漏电流;并且在一定范围内放宽电路的延时约束可以更大幅度地降低泄漏电流.
By taking advantage of the higher mechanical strength of the Ge-doped MCZ silicon wafer, we can reduce the breakage rate during the production process of solar cells.	利用锗掺杂磁控直拉单晶硅片机械强度较高的优点,可以降低太阳电池生产过程破损率.
The change of the electron effective mass and dielectric constant with spatial coordinate reduces the ground energy of the hydrogenic impurities but increases the binding energy. This effect is significantly weakened with increasing well width.	电子有效带质量和介电常数随空间坐标的变化效应使得类氢杂质态基态能量减小,结合能增大,此效应随着阱宽的增大明显变小.
It is discovered that the structure and the optical property of the CdS thin film can be significantly affected with varying the substrate temperature within the range of 100~600°C. The CdS thin film grown at a substrate temperature of 450°C has a relatively good structural quality, a relatively deep absorption edge at aroung 500nm, and a good optical filtering characteristic.	研究显示衬底温度在100~600°C范围内变化对CdS薄膜衬底的结构及光学特性有重要影响,在450°C的衬底温度下所生长的CdS薄膜具有较好的结构质量,该薄膜在500nm附近具有较陡的吸收带边及良好的光学滤波性能.
Experimental results show it is accurate and efficient.	实例分析结果准确有效.
The simulation results show that the precisions of the two digital sensors implemented in the paper are both within 1℃. Only 19 transistors are needed by the temperature sensor based on the Schmitt trigger, saving at least 26.9% of the number of transistors when compared with most publications.	仿真结果表明,文中实现的两种数字温度传感器精度均在1°C以内,而且基于施密特触发器的温度传感器仅使用了19个晶体管,与多数文献的结果相比,晶体管数目至少节省了26.9%.
The Fermi energy level of the crystal is located at 8meV above the center of the band gap. The calculation of carrier concentration	晶体的费米能级位于禁带中线以上8meV处,载流子浓度的计算
The front end of the optical receiver can obtain legible output eye figure under 2.5 and 5Gb/s non-zero pseudo random binary sequential modulating phonic signals.	光接收机前端在输入2.5和5Gb/s非归零伪随机二进制序列调制的光信号下,得到较为清晰的输出眼图.
When measuring high frequency response properties of photodetector chips by the photon modulation technique, the test system always omits one or more errors of the modulator's response time, the decline of high frequency probe, port mismatch, and etc.	在采用光调制法测量光探测器芯片高频响应特性的过程中,测试系统往往忽视光调制器响应、高频探针衰减以及端口间失配等误差中的一项或几项.
And the electron concentration increased from 2.7e16 to 8.2e19cm-3.	电子浓度从2.7e16升高到8.2e19cm-3.
In order to reduce power consumption, we employed two methods: (1) using a clock gating technique to lower dynamic power consumption; (2) using a multiple threshold voltage cell library to reduce leakage power consumption.	为了减小功耗,采用了以下两种方法: (1)采用门控时钟技术来降低动态功耗; (2)采用多阈值电压单元库来减小漏电功耗.
We have discussed the influence on the specific on-resistance of PSJ high-voltage devices of the partial penetration factor η of the bottom assist layer (BAL), the normalized parameter r for the p-type region depth, the depth-width ratio A of the p-type region, and whether the doping concentration is uniform or? not in the PSJ drift region.	讨论了BAL (bottom assist layer) 部分穿通因素η、p型区深度归一化参数r、p型区深宽比A以及PSJ漂移区掺杂浓度是否统一对PSJ高压器件比导通电阻的影响.
Taking into account the uneven lateral distribution of the injected carriers, we computed more accurately the mode gain.	考虑了注入载流子横向分布的不均匀,较准确地计算了模式增益.
The reliability problem that causes the increase of intrinsic ideality factor of a unit and the current leakage can increase the extrinsic ideality factor of the array.	导致单元本征理想因子变大,电流泄漏的可靠性问题均可导致阵列非本征理想因子变大.
The field emission properties of the tip also can be significantly improved by assembling the ZnO nanowire onto the tungsten tip,	将ZnO纳米线组装在钨针尖上能够明显地改善针尖的场发
After being powered with a current density of 1e3A/cm2 at 60°C for 187h, voids appeared at the cathode of the Sn37Pb solder joint interface while Pb accumulated at the anode. At the cathode of the Sn3.0Ag0.5Cu solder joint, a great amount of Cu matrix dissolved and the intermetallic compound layer at the anode was apparently thicker than that at the cathode. As for Sn0.7Cu solder, only the intermetallic compound at the anode was found to be thicker than that at the cathode while the Cu matrix of the cathode did not dissolve as significantly as that in the SnAgCu did, indicating a weaker effect of electromigration.	在60°C, 1e3A/cm2电流密度条件下通电187h后,Sn37Pb焊点阴极界面已经出现了空洞,同时在阳极有Pb的富集带;Sn3.0Ag0.5Cu焊点的阴极界面Cu基体大量溶解,阳极金属间化合物层明显比阴极厚;对于Sn0.7Cu焊料,仅发现阳极金属间化合物层厚度比阴极厚,阴极Cu基体的溶解不如SnAgCu明显,电迁移破坏明显滞后.
BSIM4 is a mature industrial standard simulation model with a series of improvements such as a substrate resistor network, tunneling current, saturation current principle, and stress model, etc., to meet technological progress requirements.	BSIM4是一个成熟的工业标准仿真模型, 在衬底电阻网络、隧穿电流、饱和电流原理和应力模型等方面有一系列的功能增强以支持技术进步的需求.
We analyze the device structure parameters and the doping impact on device break voltage and on-resistance. The results show that the proposed new structure has high break voltage, low on-resistance, better process tolerance, etc.	分析了器件结构参数和参杂对器件击穿电压和导通电阻的影响,结果表明文中所提出的新结构具有高的击穿电压、低的导通电阻以及较好的工艺容差等特性.
After improving the device structure and processes such as passivation, we successfully fabricated a GaAs power HFET with a total gate width of 19.2mm.	经过对器件结构、钝化等工艺的改进,成功研制出总栅宽为19.2mm的GaAs功率HFET.
The calculation results explain the deviation in the reported dependences of Young’s modulus of Si nano-plate on the plate thickness.	计算结果解释了目前报道的Si纳米板杨氏模量尺度效应不一致的原因.
So far, none of the reflection spectra can be satisfactorily explained by present theories.	所有的反射谱目前还不能由现有的理论给出令人满意的解释.
The dependence of ground-state energy and average number of phonons on the confinement length, the electron-bulk LO phonon coupling constant and the Coulomb binding parameter are discussed.	讨论了受限长度,电子-体纵光学声子耦合常数,库仑结合参数与基态能量和平均声子数之间的依赖关系.
Experimental results show that with an RSB SOI DTMOS structure, the threshold voltage is reduced by about 200mV at room temperature.	实验结果显示,室温下采用反偏肖特基势垒SOI DTMOS结构,阈值电压可以动态减小200mV.
We proposed an analytical formula based on the gate current and substrate current of the Percolation-like conduction after SBD – the Percolation-like conduction formula.	提出了一个基于类渗流导电的SBD后栅电流和衬底电流的解析公式--类渗流导电公式.
The experimental results indicate that the fabricated logic circuit operates successfully with frequency operations of up to more than 2GHz.	实验结果显示了该电路逻辑运行成功,运行频率可达2GHz以上.
We point out that the measured negative capacitance is just superficial. There is never a negative capacitance. Within a certain range of positive voltages, the p-n junction capacitance of a light emitting diode is equivalent to a variable capacitance.	提出了测量到的负电容现象是表象,不存在负电容;发光二极管p-n结的结电容在特定的正向电压范围内等效于可变电容.
The output power of packaged 300μm×300μm LED is 5.2mW under a 20mA input current, and the output wavelength is 408nm.	封装后的300μm×300μm LED器件在20mA的注入电流下输出功率为5.2mW,输出波长为408nm.
We studied the influence of impurity scattering in THz quantum-cascade lasers (QCLs) based on resonant-phonon-scattering on the performance of the laser through the Monte Carlo method.	通过蒙特卡洛方法研究了基于共振声子散射的太赫兹量子级联激光器中杂质散射对激光器性能的影响.
Stresses of the interconnection wires in every directions decrease after 2.5 hours annealing at 250℃. The decreasing amplitude of the stress in 1μm Al wire is lager than that of 0.5μm interconnecting wire.	250°C退火2.5h后,互连线在各方向上的应力都减弱,其中1μm Al线应力减弱幅度高于0.5μm互连线.
First, we grew high-density Ge/a-Si quantum-dot multilayered structure on SiO2/Si(100) substrate using LPCVD, and then induced lateral crystallization of the a-Si layer in the multilayered structure by Ni metal at a relatively low temperature (below 550°C), and fabricated high quality Ge/Si quantum-dot superlattice structure.	首先在SiO2/Si (100)衬底上LPCVD生长了高密度Ge/a-Si量子点多层结构,然后在较低温度下(低于550°C) ,利用金属Ni诱导多层结构中的a-Si层横向结晶制备出高质量的Ge/Si量子点超晶格结构.
Negative persistent photoconductivity of unintentionally doped n-type GaN film grown by MOCVD has been studied.	研究了MOCVD方法制备的非故意掺杂n型GaN薄膜的持续光电导现象.
The shows that bonding using the BCB material is an effective way for wafer level low-temperature hermetic package.	这表明应用BCB材料键合是一种有效的圆片级低温气密性封装方法.
We performed numerical calculation for RbCl crystal and CdTe crystal. The results indicate that, in both cases, the effective mass decreases as the temperature increases and the average number of optical phonons increases as the temperature increases.	对RbCl晶体和CdTe晶体进行了数值计算,结果表明,两种情况下极化子的有效质量随温度的升高而减少,光学声子平均数均随温度的增高而增大.
Physical mechanisms for the storage capability of nano-crystal devices, such as carrier capture, filling of interface states, and temperature-related properties are revealed.	揭示了系统的纳米晶存储物理机制,例如电荷俘获、界面态填充和温度特性.
The research results show that the magnetic viscosity of Si melt increases with the presence of a magnetic field, and the magnetic viscosity and magnetic field strength can be expressed by the formula,η=η0+aB2.	研究结果表明,引入磁场,使硅熔体的磁黏度增加,且磁黏度与磁场强度呈抛物线关系.
When using a tungsten crucible to heat to a growth temperature of around 2200oC, we have grown AlN crystals with a diameter of 22mm on an AlN ceramics wafer and a 6H-SiC wafer. The largest grain size is 10mm in length and 5mm in diameter.	用钨坩埚加热生长温度达到2200°C左右时,在AlN陶瓷片和6H-SiC片上生长了直径22mm的AlN晶体,最大的晶粒尺寸长10mm、直径5mm.
At the same time, by comparing with photoluminescence spectra, we discussed the origins and emission mechanisms of the luminescence peaks in the electroluminescence spectra.	同时,通过与光致发光谱进行比较,对电致发光谱中发光峰的起源和发光机制进行了探讨.
Using a modified solvothermal method, and employing KBH4 as a reducing agent, we prepared nanocrystal ZnSe material in a triethylamine solvent.	通过改进的溶剂热方法,以KBH4作为还原剂,在三乙胺溶液介质中制备了ZnSe纳米晶材料.
We observe that the 2DEG in the heterojunctions with a lower Al composition has a lower concentration and higher mobility.	观察到低Al组分异质结中的2DEG有较低的浓度和较高的迁移率.
This method is suitable for the preparation of large area silicon based patterns.	该方法适合大面积硅基图形阵列的制作.
The model is finally applied to test the test structure manufacture in the CSM (Chartered Semiconductor Manufacture Ltd) 0.25μm RF-CMOS process.	模型最终应用到采用CSM (Chartered Semiconductor Manufacture Ltd) 0.25μm RF-CMOS工艺制造的测试结构寄生效应等效
BSFR Ge-doped single crystal silicon solar cells have an AM0 efficiency of up to 15%.	BSFR锗掺杂单晶硅太阳电池的AM0效率达到15%.
Compared to the traditional empirical trial and error ESD designing methods, this new method reduces the cost and shortens the design period.	相比传统以经验为基础、采用电路设计和硅片验证之间反复实验的ESD设计方法,新方法降低了成本,缩短了设计周期.
The phonon sidebands of Kondo peak are divided into two categories corresponding to the multibody spin singlet states consisted with electrons and holes respectively.	Kondo峰的声子伴带分为两类,分别与由电子或空穴组成的多体自旋单态相对应.
This paper reviews the development of SiC single crystal and the state-of-the-art technologies, as well as introduces the thermal field needed for growing an SiC single crystal and the growth techniques. Finally, the processing techniques for an SiC single crystal are also introduced.	回顾了SiC单晶的发展历史,总结了目前的发展状况,同时介绍了SiC单晶生长所需要的温场和生长工艺,最后介绍了SiC单晶的加工技术.
This method prevents the battery from being charged with large current near its saturation voltage, so as to avoid over-heating.	这种充电方法,能够避免在电池电压的饱和值附近仍对电池进行大电流充电,从而导致过热现象.
XRD measurements indicate that the films are polycrystalline, with a standard cubic structure and a preferred orientation in (111) direction.	XRD测试显示薄膜为多晶,具有标准的立方结构,沿(111)方向有明显的择优取向.
We proposed a MOEMS tunable filter, which uses GaAs/AlGaAs as the bottom distributed Bragg reflector (DBR), GaAs and SiO2/Si as the top DBR, and air as the cavity.	提出了一种微光机电系统(MOEMS)可调谐滤波器结构,该结构采用GaAs/AlGaAs作为下分布布拉格反射镜(DBR) ,GaAs和SiO2/Si介质膜作为上DBR,空气作为腔.
Numerical simulations have been carried out on the amplitude-coupling ratio, spectral response, spectrometry, insertion loss, and crosstalk among channels at a central wavelength of 1550.918nm and a wavelength interval of 1.6nm.	在中心波长1550.918nm、波长间隔1.6nm的情况下,对其振幅耦合比率、波谱响应、分光光谱、插入损耗、信道间的串扰进行了数值模拟.
We have conducted simulations for this model. The simulation results agree well with the results reported by other publications.	对该模型进行了模拟,模拟结果与文献报道的结果符合得较好.
The time model and temperature model are similar to those already proposed by our institute, but some key parameters are changed.	时间模型及温度模型与过去研究所提出的模型相似,但是关键参数有所改变.
The EBSD analysis results are consistent with the XRD stress measurement results.	EBSD分析结果与XRD应力测试结果相符合.
The results show that when x = 1 the sample has the maximal average bond angle distortion △θ= 4.4°.	研究结果表明:x=1时化合物的平均键角畸变Δθ最大为4.4.
Finally, all the samples obtain a local platinum concentration distribution which has a similar distribution of the proton irradiation defects.	最终,所有样品都得到了与氢离子辐照缺陷具有相似分布的局域铂浓度分布.
The paper describes the research of development of a transmitter that is fabricated using hybrid integration technology. The transmitter has completely independent intellectual property rights.	介绍了适用于光纤通信系统且具有完全自主知识产权的混合集成光发射机的研制.
By analyzing resonant tunneling transistors (RTT) with different device structures and treating them as an inverter circuit, we constructed a unified RTTs model.	综合分析了各种不同结构的共振隧穿晶体管(RTT) ,将其等效为一反相器电路,建立了一个统一的RTT模型.
A nearly flat but slightly convex thermal field is favorable for the expansion of crystal facets, and hence for reducing the number of defects to increase the crystal quality.	近平微凸的温场有利于晶体小面的扩展,进而有利于减少缺陷提高晶体的质量.
PZT ceramic targets have been prepared by solid-phase reaction and their phase compositions have been analyzed using XRD.	采用固相反应法制备了一系列PZT陶瓷靶材,并用XRD对其进行了相成分分析.
GaN has been grown on a MOCVD-GaN template and sapphire substrate by hydride vapor phase epitaxy (HVPE).	采用氢化物气相外延(HVPE)方法,以蓝宝石作衬底,分别在MOCVD-GaN模板和蓝宝石衬底上直接外延生长GaN.
Based on the discussion above, we suggest that the measured transient states are a result of combined effects of deep surface traps and bulk traps in the GaN layer.	基于上述讨论,提出测量的瞬态可能是表面深陷阱和GaN层体陷阱的综合作用的结果.
We studied the effect of the total dose of the γ irradiation on the silicon npn bipolar junction transistor (C2060) at room temperature with different collector bias current.	对硅npn双极晶体管(C2060)室温下不同集电极偏置电流条件下γ辐照的总剂量效应进行了研究.
Primary results of SPICE simulation for real speech signals indicate that the circuit can obtain speech features similar to the linear system.	对实际语音信号进行SPICE模拟结果初步表明,此电路可以得到与线性系统类似的语音特征.
A novel external pressure-free localized laser bonding process for silicon and glass has been developed. This process has been successfully realized by applying surface activation to wafers and selecting suitable laser parameters and bonding conditions.	提出了一种新的无需外压力作用的硅/玻璃激光局部键合方法,通过对晶圆进行表面活化处理,选择合适的激光参数及加工环境,成功地实现了无压力辅助硅/玻璃激光键合.
Using X-ray powder diffraction, we have analyzed the structures and compositions of several different AlN samples	利用X射线粉末衍射分析了几种不同AlN样品的结构和组成.
Using the Hot Wire Chemical Vapor Deposition (HWCVD) technique, we systematically studied the effects of the crystalline fraction of the nc-Si layer (especially the buffer layer) and hydrogen treatment time on the performance of nc-Si∶H/c-Si solar cells. The effects of different hydrogen treatment time and hydrogen dilution of the buffer layer on the structure of the defect states of the nc-Si∶H/c-Si interface were analyzed by C-V and C-F measurements. The nc-Si∶H/c-Si interfaces of different crystalline fractions of the buffer layer were examined by high resolution transmission electron microscopy. By optimizing the process parameters, we fabricated n-nc-Si∶H/i-nc-Si∶H/p-c-Si heterojunction solar cells with a conversion efficiency of 1727% on a type p CZ single crystalline silicon.	采用热丝化学气相沉积技术(HWCVD) ,系统地研究了纳米晶硅层(尤其是本征缓冲层)的晶化度以及晶体硅表面氢处理时间对nc-Si∶H/c-Si异质结太阳能电池性能的影响,通过C-V和C-F测试分析了不同氢处理时间和本征缓冲层氢稀释度对nc-Si∶H/c-Si界面缺陷态的影响,运用高分辨透射电镜观察了不同的本征缓冲层晶化度的nc-Si∶H/c-Si异质结太阳能电池的界面,优化工艺参数,在p型CZ晶体硅衬底上制备出转换效率为1727%的n-nc-Si∶H/i-nc-Si∶H/p-c-Si异质结电池.
The DC common emitter static current gain of the SiGe HBTs decreases by 20% after being irradiated with 1e13cm-2 neutron fluence and 256.85Gy(Si) gamma.	在反应堆1e13cm-2的脉冲中子注量和256.85Gy(Si)γ总剂量辐照后,SiGe HBT静态共射极直流增益减小了20%.
Comparing to traditional models, our model is more suitable for higher frequency. It is more reliable and has less requirement of device quality as well as measurement environment.	相比于传统的集总模型能适应更高的频率范围,对器件品质和测量环境要求不高,有更强的稳定性.
The root-mean-square jitter of the recovered 2.5GHz clock is 2.4ps and the SSB phase noise is -111dBc/Hz at a 10kHz offset.	恢复出2.5GHz时钟信号的均方抖动为2.4ps,单边带相位噪声在10kHz频偏处为-111dBc/Hz.
The chip area is 300μm×250μm.	芯片面积300μm×250μm.
Using the low temperature direct bonding method, we bound Si substrates with InP-InGaAsP epiwafers, and fabricated ridge-waveguide edge-emitting laser diodes with a stripe width of 6μm.	采用低温直接键合的方法,将Si衬底和InP-InGaAsP外延片键合在一起,并制成条宽6μm的脊波导边发射激光器.
The amorphous As2S8 semiconductor film was illustrated under ultraviolet radiation and then annealed. The experiment’s results showed that, when the annealing temperature was 160°C or above, the partially non-reversible phenomenon appeared. The reversibility depended on the annealing temperature.	实验表明,淀积态非晶As2S8半导体薄膜经紫外光饱和照射后,再经退火处理,当光折变在退火温度不低于160°C时,出现不完全可逆现象,可逆程度跟退火温度有关.
Based on PLL and DLL techniques, a monolithic 2.5Gbps/ch 2-channel parallel clock and data recovery circuit is designed and fabricated by TSMC’s standard 0.18μm CMOS process.	采用TSMC公司标准的0.18μm CMOS工艺,结合锁相环和延迟锁相环技术,设计并制作了一个全集成的2.5Gbps/ch并行时钟数据恢复电路.
Experimental and calculation results prove that effective optical coupling can be achieved by reasonably designing the two-dimensional grating for very long wavelength QWIP optical coupling.	实验与计算结果证明,合理地设计二维光栅,进行甚长波QWIP光耦合,可以获得有效的光耦合效果.
We fabricated UV sensitive BST (Ba0.8Sr0.2TiO3) sol and gel film by chemically modified Sol-Gel process.	采用化学修饰的溶胶凝胶工艺,制备了具有紫外光感应特性的钛酸锶钡(Ba0.8Sr0.2TiO3)溶胶及其凝胶薄膜.
The measurement indicates that the simulated results agree with the test results. The test of the circuit function and parameters at normal and high temperature shows the realization of an SOICMOS integrated circuit with low power dissipation and high speed, which can meet the requirement of the laser range finder.	通过实际测试表明模拟结果与之相吻合,同时通过对整体电路结果功能和参数在常温和高温下的测试,表明该电路功耗低、速度快,可满足激光测距电路的要求.
Visible light transmission spectrum results indicate that the bonding interface has good transparency.	可见光透射谱测试结果表明,键合界面具有良好的透光特性.
The filter was fabricated using a 0.18μm CMOS process. The effective area of the filter on the chip is just 150μm×200μm.	该滤波器采用0.18μm CMOS工艺制造,它所占用芯片的有效面积仅为150μm×200μm.
This amplifier was implemented using the 1.5μm BCD process.	该放大器在1.5μm BCD工艺下设计实现.
The lattice thermal conductivity reaches the minimum value when the Ce filling amount is approximately 0.29, indicating that the effect of Ce disturbance on phonon scattering is strongest when the Sb-composed icosahedron holes are partially filled.	晶格热导率在Ce填充量约为0.29时达到最小值,说明在Sb组成的二十面体空洞中部分填充时,Ce的扰动对声子的散射作用最强.
Using this model, the effects of the junction depth of the p-top region, the doping concentration and position, the thickness and doping concentration of the drift region, and the concentration in the substrate on the surface electric field are studied. The relationship between the length of the drift region, doping concentration and breakdown voltage is calculated.	借助此模型,研究了p-top区的结深,掺杂浓度和位置,漂移区的厚度和掺杂浓度,及衬底浓度对表面电场的影响;计算了漂移区长度,掺杂浓度和击穿电压的关系.
Using the "regular perturbation method" to solve the non-linear Poisson equation, the sub-threshold current and the sub-threshold swing of the MOSFETs with respect to the external voltage bias can be analytically obtained.	利用正则摄动法求解非线性泊松方程可以得到纳米MOSFETs亚阈值电流和亚阈值摆幅指数依赖外加偏压的解析表达式.
Based on the model of quantized energy levels of QDs, we analyzed the transport mechanism of the fabricated devices, especially the effect of strong gate-dot coupling on the transport properties.	基于量子点能级分立模型,分析了器件的输运原理,重点研究了强耦合作用对器件输运性质的影响.
The paper first describes the theory of the testing method, and then the testing on polycrystalline silicon films fabricated by standard surface micro-mechanics. Test results show that the testing method is efficient and inexpensive, and it can be used in industrial applications.	文中首先给出了测试技术与方法的工作原理,然后对用标准表面微机械加工工艺制作的多晶硅薄膜进行了测试,实验结果表明该测试技术与方法的测试效率高、成本低,具有一定的工业应用价值.
A 1.5bit double-channel oversampling digital-to-analog converter is introduced.	介绍了一种1.5bit的双声道过采样数模转换器.
Numerical calculation results show that the ground state energy of the bound magnetopolaron in a semiconductor quantum dot increases quickly as the effective confinement length of the quantum dot decreases.	数值计算结果表明,半导体量子点中束缚磁极化子的基态能量随量子点的有效受限长度的减少而迅速增大.
Besides the penetrating dislocations among the etch pits formed by both etchants, there is also one kind of pit that does not have a penetrating characteristic. Both etch pits are similar from the view points of density distribution and density increment at the interface, while the density of the former increases evidently near macroscopic defects.	除了穿越位错外,在两种腐蚀方法揭示出的腐蚀坑中都还存在着一种不具备穿越特性的腐蚀坑,两者在密度分布以及界面处密度增值方面具有相同的特性,但前者在宏观缺陷附近密度出现明显的增
Measurements of the LPF on OPS substrate show a -3dB bandwidth of 2.9GHz and a midband insertion loss of 0.87dB at 500MHz. The LPF on HR substrate shows a -3dB bandwidth of 2.3GHz and a midband insertion loss of 0.42dB at 500MHz.	在OPS衬底上的低通滤波器实测-3dB带宽为2.9GHz,通带插入损耗在500MHz为0.87dB;在HR衬底上的低通滤波器实测-3dB带宽为2.3GHz,通带插入损耗在500MHz为0.42dB.
Traditionally the gates are directly connected to DTMOS, and the operating voltage should be below 0.7V to avoid the forward turn-on of the source diode.	传统栅体直接连接DTMOS,为了避免体源二极管的正向开启,工作电压应当低于0.7V.
We also performed a preliminary study on the energy band offset of Er2O3/Si heterojunction using photoelectron spectroscopy.	还利用光电子能谱对Er2O3/Si异质结的能带偏差进行了初步的研究.
It was discovered that the temperature increases with increasing positive gate voltage, while decreases with increasing negative gate voltage. We studied the variation of electric field, current density and power density in the active region with gate voltage.	结果表明:温度随正栅压升高而升高,随负栅压升高而降低,并分析了有源区内电场强度、电流密度和功率密度随栅压的变化规律.
Through the control of the temperature gradient of the source region and growth end, using carbon assisted enhanced mass transport effects, under the self-nucleated condition without seed crystals, we obtained ZnO crystals with grain size up to 5mm×8mm.	通过控制源区和生长端的温度梯度,使用碳辅助增强质量传输效应,在无籽晶自发成核的条件下,得到了晶粒尺寸达5mm×8mm的ZnO晶体.
The density of traps in an optoelectronic coupling device that can capture carriers is a key factor affecting the current-transmission-ratio (CTR) of the device, and is closely related to the reliability of the device.	光电耦合器中可俘获载流子的陷阱密度是影响其电流传输比(CTR)的重要因素,并与器件可靠性有密切关系.
We studied the temperature effects of polarons in a parabolic quantum wire.	研究了抛物量子线中极化子的温度效应.
This voltage reference has been used in a power supply managing chip, which was fabricated using the XB06 process in a German company XFAB. The measurement results showed a voltage reference of 1.206V, a static current of 6μA, a temperature coefficient of 40ppm/°C, and a low frequency power supply rejection ration of 85dB.	此基准电压源已用于一款电源管理芯片中,在德国XFAB公司XB06工艺上流片实现,芯片实测结果基准电压为1.206V,静态电流为6μA,温度系数为40ppm/°C,低频电源抑制比为85dB.
A novel SEU hardened cell is proposed, which is based on the basic structure of Whitaker cell but four transistors are added to avoid level degradation.	提出了一种新的SEU加固单元,该单元在保持Whitaker单元基本结构的基础上增加4个晶体管以消除电平退化.
From the above results, we conclude that the blue light	通过以上的结果,我们认为蓝光
The Seebeck coefficient increases with the increase of the Ce filling amount and the rise in temperature.	Seebeck系数随Ce填充量的增加及温度的上升而增加.
A GaMnN dilute magnetic semiconductor thin film with a certain concentration of Mn was grown on sapphire (α-Al2O3) substrate using an Electron Cyclotron Resonance – Plasma Enhanced Metal Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition (ECR-PEMOCVD).	利用电子回旋共振-等离子体增强金属有机物化学气相沉积(ECR-PEMOCVD)技术,在蓝宝石(α-Al2O3)衬底上生长出具有一定Mn含量的GaMnN稀磁半导体薄膜.
We designed a 2GHz differentially tuned CMOS monolithic LC-VCO and fabricated it in a 0.18μm CMOS process.	设计了工作在2GHz,差分控制的单片LC压控振荡器,并利用0.18μm CMOS工艺实现.
The Energy band structure of a Si/Si1-xGex/Si quantum well is computed using nextnano3 simulation software. The energy band structure of the active region of a Si/SiGe quantum cascade laser is designed. The results indicate that the THz Si/SiGe quantum cascade laser structure can be optimized if a strain-symmetric cascade heterostructure with a quantum well of a SiGe alloy of 3nm with a Ge composition of 0.27~0.3, and a barrier of Si of 3nm is used.	使用nextnano3模拟软件计算Si/Si1-xGex/Si量子阱的能带结构,对Si/SiGe量子级联激光器有源区的能带结构进行设计,结果表明使用Ge组分为0.27~0.3,量子阱宽度为3nm的SiGe合金与垒宽为3nm的Si层构成对称应变级联异质结构,有利于优化THz Si/SiGe量子级联激光器结构
When the relatively low stress gate voltage is considered, the double logarithmic model for the stress gate voltage is more accurate than the single logarithmic model.	将较低的栅压应力也考虑在内时,双对数栅压应力模型较单对数栅压应力模型更为准确.
This novel device is also able to achieve a relatively large reflectivity difference at a certain modulation voltage.	该新型器件在一定的调制电压下还可获得较大的反射率差.
The structure can be used to manufacture semiconductor flash memories with high speed, low power consumption, and high reliability.	采用该结构能够实现高速、低功耗和高可靠性的半导体闪速存储器.
It confirms that compared to convectional DBR, coupled DBR can considerably improve AlGaInP LED’s …	验证了复合DBR与常规DBR相比,可以大幅度提高AlGaInP红光LED
The EOT of the HfO2 high-k gate dielectric extracted using this two-step method is compared with the numerical simulation result obtained through a quantum corrected Poisson equation. The error is less than 5%, which confirms the validity of the method.	采用该两步法提取的HfO2高k栅介质EOT与包含量子修正的Poisson方程数值模拟结果对比,误差小于5%,验证了该方法的正确性.
The analytical results, verifying results, and the numerical results agree well with each other.	解析结果、验证结果和数值结果吻合良好.
The obtained quality factor of the new photonic crystal microcavity achieves 246510. The mode wavelength of the single-defect photonic crystal microcavity has approximately a linear relationship with the change of the lattice constant a and the hole radius r. When the hole radius r is a constant, it appears that for a 1nm change of the lattice constant, the resonant wavelength changes about 3nm. A theoretical instruction for the practical fabrication of photonic crystal microcavity lasers is provided.	得到的新型光子晶体微腔的品质因子达246510,单缺陷光子晶体微腔模波长随晶格常数a和孔半径r的近似为线性变化关系:当孔半径r为一常数时,表现为晶格常数改变1nm,谐振波长变化约3nm,为实际制作光子晶体微腔激光器提供了理论指导.
The properties of the chip make it very suitable for frequency modulating transmission.	该芯片的这些特点十分适合调频发射的要求.
When the Ge distribution is box-triangular, for the given turning point x1 of Ge composition, the built-in electric field in the base increases gradually from the emitter to the collector.	当Ge组分分布为矩形三角形分布时,对于给定的Ge组分转折点x1,基区内建电场从发射结到集电结缓慢地增大.
The Ge contents in the films are determined to be 15%~16% by Auger electron spectroscopy.	用俄歇电子谱测定薄膜Ge含量为15%~16%.
Using FRESNEL optics software and MATLAB software, we have analyzed in detail the influence of TO-packaging modules of vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers on the coupling efficiency.	采用FRESNEL光学软件和MATLAB软件,详细分析了垂直腔面发射激光器的TO封装组件对耦合效率的影响.
When the output power is 1W, the far-field divergence angle is 7.5°×30.6° and the M2 factor is 3.79.	输出功率为1W时,远场发散角为7.5°×30.6°, M2因子为3.79.
We proposed an improved angle polishing method to measure the subsurface damage of Si wafers.	提出了一种改进的角度抛光方法来测量硅片的亚表面损伤.
We developed a high speed USB 2.0 transceiver using a 0.13μm mixed-signal CMOS technique.	研制了一种采用0.13μm混合信号CMOS工艺的高速USB 2.0收发器.
A 256-bit ultra-low power consumption EEPROM suitable for passive radio frequency identification tags has been designed and fabricated using a Chartered 0.35µm EEPROM process.	采用Chartered 0.35μm EEPROM工艺设计并实现了一个适用于无源射频电子标签的256位超低功耗EEPROM存储器.
The Si0.8Ge0.2/Si heterostructure material grown in 3μm×3μm windows showed a strain relaxation of no more than 4% after annealing at 950°C for 30 minutes.	在3μm×3μm窗口中共度生长的Si0.8Ge0.2/Si异质结构材料,在950°C高温退火30min后,它的应变弛豫不大于4%.
The polarization effects also generate a very large Stark shift between the odd and even order subbands, thus shortening the wavelength of the transitions between the first odd order and the second even order subbands. The is beneficial to the implementation of optoelectronic devices working at communication interfaces.	极化效应还会使奇数序和偶数序的子带之间发生很大的Stark平移,从而使第一奇数序和第二偶数序子带之间的跃迁波长变短,这将有利于实现工作在通信窗口的光电子器件.
By developing and manufacturing this circuit, further study on the high temperature properties of shorter channel SOICMOS integrated circuits can be benefitted.	该电路的研制,对进一步开展高温短沟道SOICMOS集成电路的
With an input of 2<sup>31</sup>-1 pseudorandom sequence, the root-mean-square jitter of the recovered 2.5Gb/s data is 3.3ps.	输入2<sup>31</sup>-1伪随机序列,恢复出2.5Gb/s数据的均方抖动为3.3ps.
By optimizing gate annealing condition of 500oC/50s, we improve the Ni-AlGaN/GaN diode properties. The ideality factor and barrier height are optimized to1.5 and 0.87eV, respectively.	通过优化的500°C/50s栅退火条件,改善Ni-AlGaN/GaN二极管特性,理想因子和势垒高度分别优化到1.5和0.87eV.
By electric measurement methods, we obtained the heating response curve of temperature rise and thermal resistance of semiconductor power light emitting diodes.	通过电学测量方法得到了半导体功率发光二极管温升与热阻的加热响应曲线.
The green emission center of unintentionally doped ZnO film obtained from previous research originates from the oxygen antisite defects (OZn). The research results in the paper can exactly explain the reason for the formation of oxygen antisite defects.	在以往研究中得出的非故意掺杂ZnO薄膜的绿色发光中心来源于氧反位缺陷(O<sub>Zn</sub>),文中研究的结果正好可以解释氧反位缺陷形成的原因.
Research shows that using comprehensive reinforce technology, the level of total dose resistance of the nMOS device can achieve 1E6rad (Si).	研究发现,采用综合加固技术的nMOS器件,抗总剂量的水平可达1E6rad(Si).
Using the k·p method and considering factors such as a polarized electric field and free carrier redistribution, we obtained the energy band structures of conduction and valence bands of InGaN/AlInGaN, InGaN/GaN, InGaN/InGaN, and InGaN/AlGaN quantum wells by self-consistently solving the Schrodinger equation and the Poisson equation, and calculated the spontaneous emission spectra of different quantum well structures.	采用k・p方法理论,考虑了极化电场和自由载流子重新分布等因素,通过薛定谔方程和泊松方程自洽求解得到InGaN/AlInGaN, InGaN/GaN, InGaN/InGaN, InGaN/AlGaN量子阱导带和价带的能带结构,并由此计算了不同量子阱结构的自发发射谱.
The results show that we can effectively improve the coupling power between the SLD and single-mode fiber by optimizing the thickness of the residue layer and upper optical confinement layer.	结果表明,通过对残留层和上光限制层厚度的优化,可以有效提高SLD与单模光纤的耦合功率.
The dependence of the coupling efficiencies of the TO-packaged VCSELs on packaging operation errors are analyzed using the optical software FRESNEL and MATLAB programming.	采用FRESNEL光学软件和MATLAB编程,详细分析了垂直腔面发射激光器的TO封装工艺操作误差对耦合效率的影响.
The lateral metal contact switch consists of a finite-ground coplanar waveguide (FGCPW) transmission line and a cantilever that can swing left and right.	横向金属接触开关包括了一套有限的共面波导(FGCPW)传输线和左右摆动的悬臂梁.
As the supply voltage is varied from 2.7V to 5V, the voltage reference varies by about 5mV.	电源电压变化范围为2.7~5V,其相对变化值为5mV.
This experiment lays a foundation for the optimization of the performance of RTD/HEMT series RTTs and the developing of RTD/HEMT monolithic integrated circuits.	实验为RTD/HEMT串联型RTT性能的优化和RTD/HEMT单片集成电路的研制奠定了基础.
The sensor chip is implemented using the Chartered 0.35μm digital-analog mixed technique through MPW.	传感器芯片通过MPW计划采用Chartered 0.35μm 数模混合工艺实现.
After Ar+ etching, the content of In and Ga on the InGaAs surface considerably increased, and there is a significant loss of P on n-InP and p-InP surfaces.	刻蚀后InGaAs表面In和Ga含量明显增加,n-InP和p-InP表面有严重P缺失.
Results show that, compared with the imported Nalco2350 polishing slurry, not only has SIMIT8030-I polishing slurry increased the polishing rate by 40%(14μm/h vs 10μm/h), but the surface flatness TTV and TIR are improved, the surface roughness was reduced from  0.4728nm to 0.2874nm. The polishing rate is increased and the surface flatness and roughness were noticeably improved simultaneously.	结果表明:与进口抛光液Nalco2350相比,SIMIT8030-I型抛光液不仅提高抛光速率40% (14μm/h vs 10μm/h) ;而且表面平坦性TTV和TIR得到改善;表面粗糙度由0.4728nm降至0.2874nm,即提高抛光速率同时显著改善了抛光表面平坦性和粗糙度.
Thick GaN films were grown on a GaN/sapphire template using  self-made vertical HVPE equipment. Various techniques, including AFM, SEM, XRD, RBS/Channeling, CL, PL, and XPS, were used to analyze the optical properties of the thick film structures.	采用自制的立式HVPE设备,在GaN/蓝宝石复合衬底上生长了GaN厚外延膜,利用AFM, SEM, XRD, RBS/Channeling, CL, PL以及XPS等技术分析了厚膜的结构和光学性能.
The film phases are determined using X-ray diffraction.	采用X射线衍射确定薄膜物相.
We proposed a single CMOS image sensor chip design based on a 0.35μm technology.	介绍了基于0.35μm工艺设计的单片CMOS图像传感器芯片.
The comparison with two dimensional device numerical simulation indicates that the model result and the simulation result can agree well.	通过与二维器件数值仿真比较,表明模型结果和仿真结果能较好地吻合.
Techniques of Raman spectroscopy, XPS spectrum and etc. are used to measure and analyze the thin file structure as well as composition. The effect of different annealing temperatures on forming SiCN thin film structure and composition can be obtained. We believe that after high temperature annealing, silicon content has an important impact on the forming of SiCxNy thin film.	用喇曼、XPS等分析手段对薄膜结构及成分进行了测量与分析,得到不同退火温度对离子注入形成SiCN薄膜结构与成分的影响,认为高温退火后薄膜中硅含量与SiCxNy薄膜的形成有重要的关系.
The RHEED image showed a clear spot-like dot array, which indicates that the film is single crystal. The surface is not smooth, which indicates a 3D island growth mode.	RHEED图像呈现清晰的斑点状点阵,表明薄膜为单晶,表面不是很平整,为三维岛状生长模式.
Results show that in a weak field, the exciton mainly tunnels between two localized states; however, in a strong field, the electron and the hole can independently tunnel between the two quantum dots.	结果表明,在弱场情况下,激子主要在局域态之间隧穿;在强场情况下,电子和空穴可以独立地在量子点间隧穿.
In the implementation, a novel multiplex comparator is used to realize the functions of three conventional comparators and partial logic circuits. The power dissipation is as low as that of a conventional comparator. So the circuit is compact and simple to implement.	实现中采用了一种新颖的复合比较器,将三个比较器和部分逻辑的功能在一个复合比较器中实现,功耗仅等于一个传统比较器的功耗,并且电路紧凑简洁,易于实现.
The circuit is simulated by ST Microelectronics 0.18μm CMOS technology, and the simulated result shows that based on the proposed method, the temperature coefficient of band gap reference voltage supply is only 1ppm/°C in the range from - 45 to 120°C.	采用ST公司的0.18μm CMOS工艺对实现电路进行了电路模拟,结果表明,在-45~120°C的温度范围内,采用该方法设计的带隙基准电源的温度系数仅为1ppm/°C.
The static current of the analog front-end is 1.6μA at a power supply voltage of 1.6V. The minimum RF signal input power that the chip needs to work normally is 45μW.	1.6V电源电压下模拟前端的静态工作电流为1.6μA,芯片正常工作所需要的最小射频信号输入功率为45μW.
Through the use of single-fused or double-fused hydrophobic bonding technique of InGaAsP/InP active regions to GaAs/AlAs DBRs, the mechanical, optical and electrical properties of the GaAs/InP bonded interfaces were investigated by SEM, I-V curves, reflection spectrum, and photoluminescence spectrum. Good performance on the interface indicates a chance to fabricate long-wavelength/surface emitting lasers by the bonding technique.	通过疏水键合方法实现了InGaAsP/InP有源区与GaAs/AlAs DBR的单面和双面键合,并通过SEM,I-V曲线和反射谱、光致发光谱等手段研究了GaAs/InP键合界面的机械、光学和电学性质,良好的界面性质为使用键合技术制备长波长面发射激光器提供了可能性.
Using an atomic force microscope (AFM) and scanning electron microscope (SEM), we studied the surface planarization of the interface between the drive circuit and the memory cell – magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) of magnetic random access memory (MRAM).	利用原子力显微镜(AFM)和扫描电镜(SEM)对磁存储器(MRAM)驱动电路与存储单元--磁性隧道结(MTJ)的连接界面的表面平坦化进行了研究.
This paper introduces a unified model for the gate current of a nano MOSFET (Metal-Oxide-Semiconductor Field Effect Transistor). This model is based on the self-consistent all-quantum numerical solutions to the Schrodinger-Poisson equations, and is especially suitable for the nano MOSFET with high-k dielectric layer or layer stack.	介绍了一种纳米MOSFET(场效应管)栅电流的统一模型,该模型基于Schrodinger-Poisson方程自洽全量子数值解,特别适用于高k栅介质和多层高k栅介质纳米MOSFET.
With a two-site Hubburd model and the Floquet theory, the time-dependent Schodinger equation is numerically solved. And the minimum probability for the electron as well as the hole to remain in the initial localized state within 20 periods is given. We investigated the dynamic behavior of  excitonin coupled double quantum dots driven by DC and AC electric fields.	利用两点Hubburd模型和Floquet理论,用数值方法求解了含时Schodinger方程,给出了电子-空穴局域于初始态的几率在20个驱动周期内的最小值,研究了在直流和交流电场驱动下耦合双量子点分子中激子的动力学行为.
Using the molecular beam epitaxy method, bulk GaSb was deposited material on the GaAs(100) substrate. Using this GaSb as a buffer layer, InAs/GaSb superlattice with different InAs thickness was grown. The peak of the photoluminescence spectrum at 10K is between 2.0 and 2.6μm.	采用分子束外延方法在GaAs(100)衬底上生长GaSb体材料,以此GaSb为缓冲层生长了不同InAs厚度的InAs/GaSb超晶格,其10K光致发光谱峰值波长在2.0~2.6μm.
Experimental results show that the leakage power consumption is underestimated by 52% if thermal effects are ignored.	实验结果表明如果忽略热效应,泄漏功耗将会被低估最高达52%.
Nano-aperture vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers (VCSELs) were fabricated on common 850nm VCSELs.	在850nm波长垂直腔面发射激光器的基础上制备了纳米孔径垂直腔面发射激光器.
We solved 2D Poisson equation and obtained the analytical expressions of the surface electric field and the breakdown voltage. We studied the effect of structure parameters on the surface electric field and the breakdown voltage, and obtained good agreement between the numerical and analytical solutions.	求解电势的二维Poisson方程,获得表面电场和击穿电压的解析式,研究结构参数对表面电场和击穿电压的影响,数值与解析结果吻合较好.
This paper introduces a novel shocking-acceleration MEMS switch, which is based on the electro-mechanical coupling principle.	介绍了一种基于机电耦合原理的新型冲击加速度MEMS开关.
This paper presents the circuit design of the current sensing amplifier.	给出了整个电流检测放大器的电路设计.
This circuit is implemented in CSMC 0.5μm CMOS technology. The supply voltage is 3.3V, and its power consumption is 198mW.	该电路采用CSMC 0.5μm CMOS工艺实现,供电电压为3.3V, 功耗为198mW.
We analyzed and discussed the properties and the formation mechanism of the defects.	对缺陷的属性与形成机理进行了分析讨论.
Using a 1000W tungsten halide lamp as the light source, we have performed chemical etching for GaN epitaxial film in KOH solution to show the crystal dislocations.	采用1000W卤钨灯作为光源,对GaN外延膜在KOH溶液中进行化学腐蚀,以显示晶体位错.
Compared with conventional circuits, the reference clock is avoided, and the recovered parallel data is bit-synchronous.	与传统并行数据恢复电路相比,该电路不需要本地参考时钟,并且恢复出的并行数据是位同步的.
After annealing in air at 700℃ for 1 hour, the X-ray diffraction (XRD), the photoluminescence (PL) spectra, and the I-V properties of a ZnO/p-Si structure are measured.	ZnO/p-Si结构经空气中700°C退火1h,然后进行X 射线衍射(XRD) 、光致发光(PL)谱和I-V特性测量.
To improve calculation efficiency and avoid a low speed algorithm for using the optical simulation program iteratively during the routing process, we set up light intensity lookup tables for calculating OPE costs of possible routings and the simulation speed is greatly improved.	为提高算法效率,避免布线过程中反复调用光学模拟程序带来的算法运行速度慢的问题,对可能的走线模式建立了计算OPE费用所需的光强查找表格,使算法的运行速度大大提高.
The pure screw dislocation tends to be etched along the surface steps that the dislocation terminates. A small Ga-polar plane is formed to prevent further vertical etching. Consequently, an etch pit is shaped like an inverted truncated hexagonal pyramid at the terminal chiasma of two surface steps.	纯螺位错易于沿着由它结束的表面阶梯被腐蚀,形成一个小的Ga极性面以阻止进一步的纵向腐蚀,因而其腐蚀坑是位于两个表面阶梯交结处的截底倒六棱椎.
By using chemical mechanical planarization (CMP) equipment under the conditions of low pressure and low rotating speed, a planarization effect of the metal surface can be achieved with an RMS value of less than 1nm.	通过用化学机械平坦化设备(chemical mechanical planarization, CMP) 在小压力和低转速的条件下,可使过渡层金属表面的RMS值达到小于1nm的平坦化效果.
Using the low temperature weldability and excellent conductivity of nano silver, we have studied a new technique to fabricate CNTs field emission cold cathodes by replacing conventional organic binder and conductive silver paste with nano silver.	利用纳米银的低温熔接性和良好导电性,研究了以纳米银取代传统的有机粘结剂和导电银浆制备CNTs场发射冷阴极的新工艺.
This study helps to improve the construction of the OLED composite functional layer and the process.	该项研究有助于OLED器件复合功能层的构建以及工艺方法的改进.
With the increasing of the substrate temperature, due to the increasing of crystal grain size, the refraction index and the extinction coefficient increase, the range of which is also given in this paper.	随着衬底温度升高,因薄膜晶粒尺度增大,折射率和消光系数也增大;并给出了它们的变化范围.
We experimentally determined the reciprocal space diffraction maps of the (004) plane and (224) plane of these two materials. It’s found that partially relaxed InGaAsP presents different strain states at different orientations.	实验测定了两种材料的(004)面、(224)面的倒空间衍射图,得到了处于部分弛豫状态的InGaAsP在不同方向呈现不同的应变状态.
We have presented a new SOI high voltage device structure with a variable low k (relative dielectric constant) dielectric layer (VLkD).The buried layer of this structure consists of different dielectrics with variable ks.	提出了一种可变低k(相对介电常数)介质层(variable low k dielectric layer, VLkD)SOI高压器件新结构,该结构的埋层由可变k的不同介质组成.
X-ray diffractometer, X-ray photo-electron spectrometer, ultraviolet-visible light spectrophotometer and DC four-point probe meter were used to study the crystal structure, chemical composition, light absorption and charge transportation property of the film.	利用X射线衍射仪、X射线光电子能谱仪、紫外可见光分度计以及直流四探针测试仪研究了薄膜的晶体结构、化学组成、光吸收和电荷输运性质.
The effects of applied voltage and device thickness on the recombination width are discussed. The causes for the changes of external quantum efficiency with applied voltage, device thickness, and recombination current density are analyzed.	讨论了外加电压和器件厚度对复合宽度的影响,分析了外量子效率随外加电压、器件厚度及复合电流密度变化的原因.
The results indicated that at relatively high operating frequency, the maximum temperature inside the device is affected by the heat capacity, the power consumption, the duty cycle and the time of continuous working, but does not depend on the heat resistance and the period of the signal. The temperature of the device keeps increasing. When the frequency is relatively low, the maximum temperature inside the device is also affected by the heat resistance and the period.	结果表明:在较高频率工作时,器件内部的最高温度与器件的热容、功耗、占空比和连续工作时间有关,而与器件的热阻和信号周期无关,器件会一直处于升温状态;在较低频率工作时,器件内部的最高温度还与器件的热阻和周期有关.
Results indicate that the lattice constants of the compounds increase linearly as the Ce filling amount increases.	结果表明:化合物的晶格常数随Ce填充量的增加而线性增加.
Based on the principle of “least flexibility first”, the proposed method features in an idea of “placement by stage”, which mimics the manual placement process.	该方法在“最小自由度优先”原则的基础上,模拟人工布局过程提出了“分阶段布局”的思想.
Due to the volatilization of N atoms during the high temperature annealing, the residual In atoms aggregate on the sample surface to form In grains.	由于高温退火时N原子的挥发,剩下的In原子在样品表面聚集形成In颗粒.
We proposed an automatic IQ phase calibration method implemented in a 2.4GHz direct conversion receiver.	提出了实现在一个2.4GHz零中频接收机中的一种正交相位自校准方法.
Using different stress biases, we find that the decreasing degree of the device properties increases as the stress bias voltage increases.	采用不同的应力偏压发现器件特性的下降程度随应力偏置电压的增大而增大.
Based on test data, we modeled the minority carrier lifetime and impact ionization coefficients of GaN. We then studied the properties of npn AlGaN/GaN heterojunction bipolar transistors using a drift-diffusion transport model. The analytic formulas for the turn-on, offset, and saturation voltages were also given.	基于实验数据对GaN材料的少子寿命和碰撞电离率进行了建模,应用漂移-扩散传输模型开展了npn AlGaN/GaN异质结双极晶体管的特性研究,给出了器件导通电压、偏移电压和饱和电压的解析式.
Experiment results show that surface passivation prevents the electrons from getting trapped at the AlGaN surface, and a field plate suppresses the electric field at the gate edge, thereby reducing the gate leakage significantly.	实验结果表明,钝化隔断了电子从潘泶┑AlGaN表面的通道,场板结构能够有效降低疟咴档绯。
Calculation shows that the activation energy of As in HgCdTe, 19.5meV, linearly decreases as (Na - Nd)1/3 increases, with a slope of 3.1×10-5 meV・cm.	计算表明,As在HgCdTe中的激活能为19.5meV,且随(Na-Nd)1/3的增大呈线性下降关系,反比系数为3.1E-5 meV・cm.
With a bit error rate of 1e-12, the sensitivity of the circuit is less than 20mV.	在误码率为1e-12的条件下,电路的灵敏度小于20mV.
Starting from the electron microscope photos and XRD analysis of the ITO film, we have constructed the equilibrium and non-equilibrium energy band structure diagrams of this material.	从ITO薄膜的电镜照片、XRD分析出发,构造了该材料的平衡及非平衡能带结构简图.
The total static power consumption of the power supply circuit module is less than 2mW.	电源电路模块的总静态功耗小于2mW.
We have proposed an NPT-IGBT transient model under local lifetime control. Furthermore, we have made a comparison with the numerical analysis result to verify the validity of the model.	提出了局域寿命控制下NPT-IGBT的瞬态模型,并与数值分析结果进行了对比,验证了模型的正确性.
Both experimental results and theoretical analysis show that a narrow scale of quantum dots in a single electron transistor is more effective for the enhancement of THz response.	实验和理论都表明,单电子晶体管量子点尺寸的减小有利于THz光电流信号的增强.
Starting from the LC oscillator model, we studied VCO circuit structure, the influence of the resonance loop on output amplitude, VCO noise source, VCO phase noise, and the influence of the Q factor of the resonance loop on VCO.	从LC振荡器的模型出发,研究了VCO的电路结构、谐振回路对于输出幅度的影响、VCO的噪声源、VCO的相位噪声以及谐振回路的Q值对于VCO的影响.
The sensitivity of the receiver module is up to -13.6dBm when the bit error rate is less than 1E-13.	误码率小于1E-13时,接收模块的灵敏度可以达到-13.6dBm.
We have presented two new circuit techniques that, at the same time while reducing the dynamic power consumption of multi-input Dominos “Or Gate”, suppress leakage currents and enhance the noise margin of the circuits.	提出了两种新的电路技术,在降低多输入多米诺“或门”的动态功耗的同时减小了漏电流,并提高了电路的噪声容限.
A method for growing nano-sized MnSb films on single crystalline silicon using physical vapor deposition is provided.	提供了一种利用物理蒸发沉积技术在单晶硅上生长纳米尺度的MnSb薄膜的方法.
It was discovered that with a substrate temperature of higher than 150°C, the transmittance of the SnO2 film undergoing C, H plasma treatment is significantly reduced.	发现当衬底温度超过150°C, H等离子体处理使SnO2薄膜的透光率显著降低.
The paper has built a three dimensional thermal model for MCM with ANSYS tool. The temperature distribution is obtained.	本文运用ANSYS工具建立了MCM的三维热模型,得到了温场分布.
The average IQ value increases after annealing and the residual inner stresses in the interconnecting wires decrease accordingly.	退火后平均IQ值提高,互连线残余内应力随之减小.
The solution consists of the layout of testing structures, the test device, and a software application for testing and analysis.	这种技术包括微测试结构图形、测试硬件设备和测试分析软件.
Finally, simulation is done with AIM-SPICE, and simulation results show that the OLED is in the reverse-biased state during recovery time.	最后,用AIM-SPICE软件对电路进行了仿真,仿真结果表明OLED器件在恢复时间内处于反偏状态.
This model features a definite physical meaning and a simple topological structure.	该模型物理意义清晰,拓扑结构简单.
We studied the photosensitivity of Si-based SiO2 waveguide material grown by PECVD.	研究了采用PECVD方法生长的Si基SiO2波导材料的光敏特性.
The atomic force microscopy images show that the quantum dot’s density can be controlled in the range of (1~7)E10cm-2. Furthermore, when surface density is 4E10cm-2, good photoluminescence spectral performance is achieved.	原子力显微镜图像显示,量子点密度可以控制在(1~7)E10cm-2范围之内,而面密度处于4E10cm-2时有良好的光致发光谱性能.
The channel bandwidth required by the GSM system is wider than 200kHz and the dynamic range is more than 80dB.	GSM系统要求信号带宽大于200kHz,动态范围大于80dB.
The Qbd obtained from a current ramp is larger than that from a voltage ramp. The difference can be explained by the different current-voltage curves of these two methods.	用电流扫描法获得的击穿电量要比用电压扫描法的要大,这一差别可以从两种方法不同的电流-电压曲线中得到解释.
. Compared with conventional TG-LDMOS, the breakdown voltage of the new structure is improved by 30V with the same length of the drift region and on-state resistance, and the structure shows excellent frequency properties.	与传统的槽栅器件结构相比,新结构在相同的漂移长度和导通电阻下,击穿电压提高了30V,并表现出优异的频率特性.
The NBTI effect of 90nm pMOSFETs at different temperatures and stress gate voltages is studied and models describing the effects of time t, temperature T, or stress gate voltage Vg on the NBTI degradation of 90nm pMOSFETs is proposed.	对90nm pMOSFETs在不同温度及栅压应力下的NBTI效应进行了研究,从而提出了90nm pMOSFETs NBTI退化对时间t、温度T及栅压应力Vg的模型.
A novel structure for the static induction device is proposed, in which a surrounding deep groove is used to block the parasitic effect.	提出了一种新型结构的静电感应器件,设计了一道环绕的深槽,用以切断寄生效应.
The DESSIS and SPICE mixed simulation showed no upset of the cell under the impact of Au ions with an LET of 94MeV/(mg·cm2).	通过DESSIS和SPICE混合模拟表明,该单元在LET为94MeV/ (mg・cm2)的Au离子撞击下没有发生翻转.
We applied a long-time large current impact on a long-wave MCT photoconductive infrared detector. We compared the detector’s resistance temperature property before and after the impact and studied the detector’s electrical parameters using the parameter. We measured the change of blackbody performance, response spectra, and minority carrier lifetime of the detector before and after the impact.	对长波光导MCT红外探测器进行了大电流长时间的冲击,对比了冲击前后探测器的电阻温度特性,并用该参数研究了器件的电学参数;测量了冲击前后探测器的黑体性能变化、响应光谱以及少子寿命.
The process of fabricating planar split dual-gate metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistors is completely compatible with the current normal CMOS process.	平面分离双栅金属氧化物半导体场效应晶体管制作工艺与目前常规的CMOS工艺完全兼容.
Measurements of the amplifier's time domain performance are in agreement with the design target and hopefully, the chip can be used for implanted neural signal detecting.	采用时域方法测试,芯片达到设计目标,有望用于体内神经信号检测.
Theoretical analysis indicates that this novel resonant cavity enhanced optical modulator not only keeps the function of resonant enhancement, but also combines the performance advantages of resonant cavity enhanced optical modulators with asymmetric and symmetric structures, and thus can achieve a high extinction ratio and low insertion loss at the same time more easily.	理论分析表明这种新型谐振腔增强型光调制器在保留了谐振增强作用的同时,还结合了非对称结构和对称结构谐振腔增强型光调制器的性能优势,因而更易同时获得高消光比和低插入损耗.
Fabricated by a 1st silicon 0.25μm 1P4M process, the amplifier operates with a 3V power supply, its output range can reach 4Vpp when driving an 8Ω‖300pF load, its power dissipation is less than 3mW.	采用1st silicon 0.25μm 1P4M工艺制备,在3V电源电压下,驱动8Ω‖300pF的负载,其输出摆幅可以达到4Vpp,静态功耗小于3mW.
The growth temperature has a great impact on the growth pattern at the film-substrate interface, while the growth pressure determines the shape of ZnO nanocrystals.	生长温度对薄膜-衬底界面的生长模式有很大的影响;而生长压力对ZnO纳米结晶的形状有决定性作用.
A very high-frequency AC bias is applied between the mirror surface and the photoconductive substrate.	同时在镜面与感光底层之间施加偏置的高频交流电压.
In addition, effects of different thicknesses of an AlGaN epi-layer in the p-region on the performance of the detector are studied. Two devices with different p-region thicknesses (0.1µm and 0.15µ) have been prepared. Testing results indicate that the thickness of the p-region has a relatively large influence on the quantum efficiency of the light absorption in the 200~340nm band, while the improvement of crystal quality in the i-region can effectively increase the quantum efficiency of the light absorption in the 340~365nm band.	并且研究了不同p区AlGaN外延层厚度对探测器性能的影响,制备了两种不同p区厚度(0.1μm和0.15μm)的器件,测试结果表明,p区的厚度对200~340nm波段光吸收的量子效率影响较大,而i区的晶体质量的提高可以有效提高340~365nm波段光吸收的量
By considering the effects of large injection and high electric field, a physical model is established that RSD works in a pnn+ diode mode during the reverse pre-injection stage while in a pin diode mode during the forward conduction stage.	通过考虑大注入和强电场效应,建立了RSD以pnn+二极管方式工作于反向预充阶段,以pin二极管方式工作于正向导通阶段的物理模型.
Utilizing the photosensitivity, the BST gel films are irradiated by UV light through a pattern mask and leached by alcohol. The fine patterning of BST gel film is thus prepared. After annealing at 600°C, the fine patterning of BST films with perovskite structure and ferroelectric properties can be obtained.	利用这种光感应特性,采用紫外光通过掩膜照射薄膜,然后在乙醇中溶洗,获得了凝胶薄膜的微细图形,进一步通过600°C晶化热处理,最后得到了具有钙钛矿相结构和铁电特性的钛酸锶钡薄膜的微细图形.
We designed a 915MHz passive read-only radio frequency identification tag, which is compatible with the NCITS-256-1999 protocol.	设计了一种适用于NCITS-256-1999协议的915MHz无源射频只读标签.
Finally, we simulate different free carrier lifetimes	最后,模拟了不同自由载流子寿命情
The proposed design scheme has been verified by the HSPICE simulation results using parameters of the TSMC 0.35µm double-layer polycrystalline silicon CMOS process.	采用TSMC 0.35μm双层多晶硅CMOS工艺参数的HSPICE模拟结果验证了所提出设计方案的正确性.
We explain the experimental results theoretically according to the tunnel effect, and propose a modified model for the piezoresistant property of polycrystalline silicon.	对这种实验结果依据隧道效应原理进行了理论解释,提出了多晶硅压阻特性的修正模型.
In the reaction, TOPO acts as both solution and capping and stabilizing agent for quantum dots. At the later stage of the reaction, dodecylamine is added as surfactant.	其中,TOPO既作为反应溶剂又作为量子点的包覆剂和稳定剂,在反应后期加入十二胺作为表面活性剂.
The crystal quality and surface morphology of the poly-GeSi films are characterized by X-ray diffractometer, field emission scanning electron microscope, etc. We studied the variation of the growth patterns and surface morphology of the poly-GeSi grown on the Ni with different growth parameters.	利用X射线衍射仪、场发射扫描电镜等对多晶GeSi薄膜的晶体质量、表面形貌进行了表征,研究了在Ni上生长多晶GeSi的生长方式及表面形貌随生长参数变化的规律.
Temperature-compensation and decibel-linear gain characteristic are achieved simultaneously by using a control circuit, which provides a gain error lower than ±1.5dB over the full temperature and gain ranges.	同时控制电路的设计完成了温度补偿及dB线性增益特性,实现在整个温度及增益调节范围内绝对增益误差小于±1.5dB.
The device has a cutoff frequency of up to 80GHz and a maximum oscillation frequency of 40GHz.	器件的截至频率达到80GHz,最大震荡频率为40GHz.
We have optimally designed the structure for the trench drift region in RF power LDMOS.	对射频功率LDMOS槽形漂移区的结构进行了优化设计.
The simulation results show that the circuit can be used for  sub-retinal implantation.	仿真结果表明,该电路可以应用于视网膜下植入.
The size of the chip is 1mm×1.2mm×0.1mm.	芯片尺寸为1mm×1.2mm×0.1mm.
The segregation behavior, lattice hardening effect, and doping efficiency, etc, of both n-type dopants, Sn and S, and p-type dopants, Zn and Mn have been analyzed.	分析研究了n型杂质Sn, S和p型杂质Zn, Mn的分凝特性、晶格硬化作用、掺杂效率等.
The modulator employs a traditional single-loop two-stage structure. In the first stage modulator, the chopper stabilization technique is used to eliminate the glint noise in the circuit.	调制器采用了传统的单环两阶的结构,在第一阶调制器中采用了斩波稳零技术来消除电路的闪烁噪声.
Micro-zone plates applicable to ICF diagnosis have been obtained on a free-standing silicon nitride thin film based on silicon substrate, using a pattern exchange transfer method. First, e-beam direct writing was used to form the positive pattern of micro-zone plates with an outermost width of 150nm. Then, the negative pattern of micro-zone plates with an outermost width of 150nm was copied using a synchrotron radiation X-ray lithography method.	在硅为衬底材料的自支撑氮化硅薄膜上,采用阴阳图形互换转移技术,先使用电子束直写方法制作成功了最外环为150nm的阳图形微波带片,然后用同步辐射X 射线光刻技术复制成功了最外环为150nm的阴图形微波带片,得到可以应用于ICF诊断技术中的微波带片.
Thus the formula is fast, and accurate. It can be used for the design of a passive spiral inductor, and it can shorten the design cycle.	因此该算法具有计算速度快、精度高的特点,能用于渐变结构片上螺旋电感的高效设计,并可缩短设计周期.
Analysis of the XRD results shows Zn0.95Mg0.05O thin film has good crystal orientation. Hall measurement shows the lowest electrical resistance of p-type Zn0.95Mg0.05O thin film is 58.5Ω・cm, the carrier density is 1.95e17cm-3 and mobility is 0.546cm2/(V・s). From the thin film band gap observed by UV transmittance spectra, pure ZnO, p-type	XRD分析结果表明,Zn0.95Mg0.05O薄膜具有良好的晶格取向,Hall测试的结果所得p型Zn0.95Mg0.05O薄膜最低电阻率为58.5Ω・cm,载流子浓度为1.95e17cm-3,迁移率为0.546cm2/(V・s), UV透射谱所推出的薄膜禁带宽度中,纯ZnO, p型
By injecting a compensation current into the passive filter during the delay time of the phase frequency detector, a maximum noise compensation of about 16dB was achieved.	通过在鉴频鉴相器中的延迟时段向无源滤波器中注入补偿电流,最大可实现16dB的噪声补偿.
The effects of alloying temperature of a thin base HBT on the residual voltage, Voffset, and ohmic contact resistance, Rcontact, are studied, and the optimized range of alloying temperature for thin base HBTs is presented.	研究了薄基区HBT合金温度对残余电压Voffset和欧姆接触电阻Rcontact的影响,给出了薄基区HBT的最佳合金温度区域.
Finally, the width of the oxide layer covering the anode region and the doping concentration of the anode region are optimized, the process feasibility is analyzed, and a realization scheme is provided. The results show that the introduction of an oxide layer would not increase the manufacturing complexity of IEC-GTO.	最后,通过对薄阳极氧化层宽度和阳极掺杂浓度的优化,分析了工艺的可行性,给出了工艺方案,说明引入氧化层并不会增加IEC-GTO的工艺难度.
Furthermore, we have designed an element library for coplanar waveguide transmission lines with characteristic impedances of 30, 50, 70, and 100Ω respectively.	并设计了特征阻抗分别为30, 50, 70和100Ω的共面波导传输线元件库.
Using ANSYS, a three dimensional symmetric model of the chip scale package is established, which uses the Anand constitutive model to describe the viscoplastic material property of Sn-3.5Ag lead-free solder joints. The deformation of the CSP package and the stress-strain variation of the solder joint under a thermal cycling load are investigated through thermal stress analysis. Together with the Darveaux fatigue life prediction method, the fatigue life time of the lead-free solder joint is calculated.	首先利用ANSYS软件建立CSP封装的三维有限元对称模型,运用Anand本构模型描述Sn-3.5Ag无铅焊点的粘塑性材料特性;通过有限元模拟的方法分析了封装结构在热循环载荷下的变形及焊点的应力应变行为,并结合Darveaux疲劳寿命模型预测了无铅焊点的热疲劳寿命.
Specifically, the effects of QWIP 45º plane-edge coupling, grating coupling QWIP structure, grating size, and variation of process conditions on the corresponding performance of a QWIP are investigated.	面边耦合、光栅耦合QWIP结构、光栅尺寸、工艺条件的变化对QWIP相关性能的影响.
For GaAs (110) multi-quantum wells without DP interaction, the electron-hole interaction has significant effect on the variation of spin relaxation time with excitation energy.	对于缺失了DP相互作用的GaAs (110)多量子阱,电子-空穴相互作用对自旋弛豫时间随激发功率变化有重要的影响.
The optical transmission spectrum shows a transmittance (λ>500nm) of about 90% of the prepared film. The band gap width of the film is 3.51eV.	光学透射谱测试表明,制备的薄膜透过率(λ>500nm)约为90%,薄膜的禁带宽度约为3.51eV.
Using MEMS techniques We fabricated a torsion beam 8×8 optical switch array driven by static electricity which primarily includes the fabrication of upper and lower electrodes.	采用MEMS技术制作了静电驱动的扭臂结构8×8光开关阵列,主要包括上下电极的制作.
To study the effects of the chamber and the electric coil structures of the inductively coupled plasma (ICP) etcher and the process parameters on the uniformity of the plasma distribution, a 2D discharging model for the ICP etcher based on the modules, such as the plasma module and electromagnetic field module, of the commercial software CFD-ACE+ is established.	为研究感应耦合等离子体(ICP)刻蚀机腔室与线圈结构以及工艺参数对等离子体分布均匀性的影响,基于商业软件CFD-ACE+中等离子体与电磁场等模块建立了ICP刻蚀机二维放电模型.
The reliability of multi-chip module (MCM), especially the thermal reliability, has become one of the focuses of reliability researches of both domestic and foreign electronic products	多芯片组件(MCM)的可靠性特别是其热可靠性已经成为国内外电子产品可靠性研究的焦点之一.
Based on the understanding of nonlinearity and device mismatch of CMOS differential amplifiers, we have proposed an offset-cancellation technique applicable for low voltage CMOS differential amplifiers.	基于对CMOS差分放大器的非线性和元件失配理解的基础上,提出了一种应用于低电压CMOS差分放大器的失调取消技术.
Testing results showed that the chip realizes a 4-phase PWM output at a frequency of 950kHz and an accuracy of 11bit (i.e., 1/2048), with the phase difference being 90°.	测试结果表明,该芯片实现了950kHz的4相PWM输出,可以实现11bit(即1/2048)的精度,每相之间的相差为90°.
This theory coincides very well with the experiments.	该理论与实验结果符合得很好.
The simulation results show the feasibility of the proposed technique.	仿真结果验证了本文所提技术的有效性.
The increase in the band gap difference is beneficial for decreasing the probability of electron tunneling, strengthening the quantum confinement of the channel two dimensional electron gas, and suppressing the current collapse effect accordingly.	带隙差的增加有利于减小电子遂穿几率,加强沟道二维电子气的量子限制,从而抑制电流崩塌效应.
This paper first theoretically analyzes the mechanism of this oscillating circuit, and the correctness of the circuit analysis is verified by advanced design system (ADS) simulation and experiment.	文章首先从理论上深入分析了该电路的振荡机理,然后通过高级设计系统(ADS)软件仿真和实验验证了此振荡电路的正确性.
While depositing the μc-Si active layer of the bottom gate TFT, this effect must be taken into account.	沉积底栅TFT的微晶硅有源层时,必须计入该影响.
Optimization on the static power consumption of the ISCAS85 reference circuit indicated that this model can achieve satisfactory and faster optimization on the static power consumption.	针对ISCAS85基准电路的静态功耗优化结果表明,利用该模型能够取得令人满意的静态功耗优化效果,优化速度大大提高.
XRD and SEM results indicate that the ZnO film has a textured surface with a preferential orientation of (110) peak.	XRD和SEM的研究结果表明,ZnO薄膜具有(110)峰择优取向的绒面结构特征.
Moreover the radius of O ion is greater than the radius of Zn ion. O replacing Zn is beneficial to release the tensile stress. In other words, under the condition of the presence of tensile stress, the formation energy of OZn decreases.	而氧离子半径大于锌离子半径,氧替位锌有利于释放张应力,也就是说,在存在张应力的情况下,O<sub>Zn</sub>的形成能降低.
The timing characteristic of the random telegraph signal (RTS) of a deep sub-micron MOS device is studied. A novel method for determining the spatial distribution of border traps is proposed, which measures the noise in the non-saturated region both forwardly and reversely.	文中研究了深亚微米MOS器件的随机电报信号(RTS)的时间特性,提出了一种通过正反向测量器件非饱和区噪声的手段来确定边界陷阱空间分布的新方法.
The Deep-Level Transient Spectroscopy (DLTS) signals show two deep levels E1 and E2 of donor deep energy in the different samples.	深能级瞬态谱(DLTS)测量探测到各样品中存在两个施主深能级E1和E2.
The driving field tends to drive the electron and the hole apart, but under appropriate conditions they can be localized in their initial states for a short time.	驱动场倾向于使电子和空穴在空间分离,但在合适的条件下量子点中的电子和空穴在短时间内仍可以保持在初始局域态.
Using low resistivity silicon substrates and 0.18μm Cu/SiO2 interconnect processing technology, we have designed a series of inductors working at 5.7GHz. Simultaneously, we have optimized the layout configurations, such as the inner magnetic core size, coil width, and coil spacing (0.2~11nH).	采用低电阻系数硅衬底和0.18μm Cu/SiO2互连工艺技术,设计出一组工作在5.7GHz的电感,同时优化了版图结构,例如内部磁芯大小、线圈宽度、线圈间距(0.2~11nH)等.
The experiment’s results showed that the properties of the material grown in the micron sized region is significantly different from those of the material grown without constraint on the same substrate.	实验表明,微区生长材料的这些特性,与同一衬底上无边界约束条件下生长的材料相比,有明显的不同.
The design employs a 0.35µm SiGe BiCMOS process.	该设计采用 0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS工艺.
The maximum current density of the power device is 1.07A/mm.	功率器件的最大电流密度达到1.07A/mm.
Zn-clathrate single phase compounds, n-type Ba8Ga16ZnxSi30-x, are synthesized by the solid-state reaction and the melting method. The effects of the replacement of Si with Zn on the structure and the electrical transmission properties are investigated for such a structure.	用固相反应法结合熔融法合成Zn掺杂单相n型Ba8Ga16ZnxSi30-x化合物,探索Zn在Si位的取代对其结构及电传输特性的影响规律.
The method was applied to the design of a band-gap reference circuit and satisfactory results were obtained.	最后将该方法应用于带隙基准电路设计,取得令人满意的结果.
Using a linear combination operator and perturbation method, we derived the ground state energy of the bound magnetopolaron in a semiconductor quantum dot.	采用线性组合算符和微扰法,导出了半导体量子点中束缚磁极化子的基态能量.
Under the excitation of Dy3+4f→4f (454nm) in the spectrum, there is only the characteristic emission between the 4f states of Dy3+, while there are no emission from defects A and B.	当在Dy3+4f→4f激发下(454nm) ,光谱中只有Dy3+的4f态间的特征发射,而缺陷A, B不发光.
Finally, based on a RF signal of GSM/EDGE, using a 935MHz RF power amplifier, we demonstrated how to use the proposed analysis method.	最后,基于GSM/EDGE射频信号,用一个935MHz的射频功放示范了本文提出的设计方法.
Testing results showed a typical dynamic operating current of 20mA@10MHz, and a total dose resistance of 500krad(Si) with the transient dose over 2.45e11	经过测试,芯片的动态工作电流典型值为20mA@10MHz,抗总剂量率水平达到500krad(Si),瞬态剂量率水平超过2.45e11
We have presented an equivalent circuit model for HBT under a zero-bias and a cold-bias. In order to precisely extract the intrinsic and extrinsic junction capacitances of the base-emitter, base-collector junctions, we have developed a new approach to extract the intrinsic and extrinsic junction capacitances directly from the S parameter obtained from measurements under the zero-bias condition. Simultaneously, this method allows the analytical extraction of the intrinsic collector resistance (Rci).	给出了HBT在零偏和冷偏下的等效电路模型,为精确提取基-射、基-集结本征和外围结电容,开发出一种新的、从零偏条件下测量所得S参数中直接提取本征、外部结电容的方法,该方法同时允许本征集电极电阻(Rci) 的解析提取.
In which, the photodetector employs a 40μm×40μm interdigital dual photodiode structure. The experiment results showed a frequency response band width of 1.1GHz and a junction capacitance of 0.95pF of the diode.	其中,光电探测器选用面积为40μm×40μm的叉指型双光电二极管结构,实验测得该二极管的频率响应带宽为1.1GHz,结电容为0.95pF.
High temperature operating characteristic of the ohmic contact between the Ti/Al/Ni/Au (15nm/220nm/40nm/50nm) four-layer complex metal contact and the n-GaN has been studied.	研究了在高温工作环境下Ti/Al/Ni/Au(15nm/220nm/40nm/50nm)四层复合金属层与n-GaN的欧姆接触的高温工作特性.
Following the deposition of Au finger electrodes on the samples, the samples’ UV-sensitive performance was detected with a wavelength of illumination of 256nm UV-light. The results show that ZnO nanowires respond very fast to UV-light, the ratio of photo current to dark current is about 30 at 5V, and the maximum photo-responsibility reaches 0.56A/W with a wavelength of 354nm.	在样品上蒸镀了金叉指电极,以256nm的紫外光作为光源,测试了样品的紫外光敏感性能,研究表明水平生长的ZnO纳米线对紫外光具有较快的响应,在5V偏压下,光电流与暗电流比为30;当波长为354nm时光响应度达到最大值为0.56A/W.
InxGa1-xN alloy film was epitaxially grown on α-Al2O3 (0001) substrate by means of MOCVD.	用MOCVD方法在α-Al2O3 (0001)衬底上外延生长了InxGa1-xN合金薄膜.
Different growth modes of the oxide layer have clearly changed bending deflection of the bonded wafers.	不同的氧化层生长方式明显地改变了键合晶圆的挠曲度.
We proposed a thermo-optic polymer based 1×4 Y-branch digital optical switch in which an S-bend optical attenuator is integrated.	提出了基于热光型聚合物的集成有S弯曲光衰减器的1×4 Y分叉数字光开关.
The MTO film has a mixed phase of anatase and rutile crystal structures. The light absorption edge presents a “red-shift”. The charge transportation property is significantly improved, with a room temperature resistivity of as low as 37.5Ω∙m.	MTO薄膜具有锐钛矿和金红石的混合相,光吸收带边界发生“红移”,电荷输运性质明显提高,室温环境下电阻率仅为37.5Ω・m.
In order to solve this problem, we analyze a REBULF LDMOS structure with partial n+ floating layer in this paper. This structure has the REBULF effect that can reduce the electric field in the bulk. Additionally, the n+p junction ended in the bulk of the source solves the problem of large leakage current presented in reference [10].	为了解决这个问题,文中分析了具有部分n+浮空层的REBULF LDMOS结构,此结构不但具有降低体内电场的REBULF效应,而且终止于源端体内的n+p结解决了文献[10]中的大漏电流问题.
Research shows that by controlling thermal oxidation,    the quantum dot size of the device can be lowered to 7.6nm and the gain modulation factor can be increased to 0.84.	研究表明,通过控制量子点的热氧化时间,将器件量子点尺寸减小到7.6nm,增益调节系数提高到0.84.
The successful direct bonding of GaAs and GaN wafers provides an experimental basis for realizing the integration of GaAs and GaN materials.	GaAs与GaN晶片直接键合的成功,为实现GaAs和GaN材料的集成提供了实验依据.
The results match those of the meso-piezoresistance theory based on the mechanical-electrical coupling property of the quantum well.	该结果与基于量子阱力电耦合特性的介观压阻理论的研究结果相吻合.
We discussed the influence of wafer cleanliness and surface flatness on the defects of bonded wafers respectively. In addition, by means of growing an oxide layer on different wafers, we compared the influences of different methods on bending deflection.	分别讨论了晶圆净度与表面平坦度对于键合晶圆缺陷的影响,还通过将氧化层生长在不同晶圆上的方法,比较不同方法对于挠曲度的影响.
We integrated a wheatstone piezoresistive bridge for testing and a Lorentz force coil for driving on the same cantilever.	在悬臂梁上面实现了使用惠斯通压阻电桥检测和洛伦兹力线圈驱动集成结构.
The newly proposed static ternary double pass-transistor logic scheme has several favorable properties, including the use of a standard CMOS process without any modification of the thresholds, a simple and regular structure, a symmetrical load balance of the input signals, a full logic swing, and no static power consumption.	新提出的三值双传输管逻辑电路具有完全基于标准CMOS工艺,无需对MOS管作任何阈值调整,结构简单、规则,输入信号负载对称性好,逻辑摆幅完整以及无直流功耗等特点.
The test results of the chip validated the aforementioned design.	芯片测试结果验证了以上设计.
This model is obtained by using a quasi-static-state approximation and dividing the turn-off process into a fast descent stage and a slow descent stage which are solved separately.	该模型采用了准静态近似,将关断过程分为快速下降阶段和缓慢下降阶段分别加以求解而得到.
Finally, we compared using C12/ under the same conditions.	最后比较了相同条件下使用Cl2/
Simultaneously, calculation results show that more electrons transfer to higher subbands as temperature increases. In higher subbands, the wave function gradually expands to the inside of the AlGaN layer and the deeper places in the bulk GaN, which leads to the weakening of the shielding effect of LO phonon scattering and the enhancement of alloy random scattering from the inside of the AlGaN layer.	同时,计算结果显示,随着温度升高,更多的电子跃迁到更高的子带,在更高的子带,其波函数逐渐扩展到AlGaN层内部以及GaN体内更深的位置,导致LO声子散射的屏蔽效应减弱且来自AlGaN层内的合金无序散射增强.
The structural, optical, and electrical properties of the films are studied through XRD, transmitted spectrum, the dark conductivity temperature curves.	利用X射线衍射、透射光谱、暗电导温度关系等方法研究了薄膜的结构p光学和电学性质.
The difference between the equation and the conventional Reynolds equation is that a correction term is added to the left hand side of the Reynolds equation to account for the damping effect generated by out flowing air from the slots. The end correction of the finite length of the airflow channel in the slots has also been considered.	该方程与传统雷诺方程的区别是在雷诺方程的左边增加了一个用以表示气体从槽流出所引起的阻尼效应的修正项,并考虑了槽中有限气流通道长度的端头修正.
By 2D device simulation, we have studied the relationship between the breakdown characteristics and the structure parameters of VLkD  SOI devices.	借助2D器件仿真研究了击穿特性与VLkD SOI器件结构参数之间的关系.
Using the new circuit techniques, we have designed an eight-input Dominos “Or Gate”, which is further simulated based on the 45nm BSIM4 SPICE model.	采用新的电路技术设计了八输入多米诺“或门”并基于45nm BSIM4 SPICE 模型对其进行了模拟.
The off-state breakdown properties of these devices were studied.	对这些器件的关态击穿特性进行了研究.
The paper describes a novel MEMS inductor with Cu surface coating consisting of a planar monocrystalline silicon spiral suspended on glass substrate, which can eliminate the wearing down of a substrate and lower the resistance loss.	报道了一种由悬浮在玻璃衬底上的表面镀铜平面单晶硅螺线构成的新型MEMS电感,可消除衬底损耗及减小电阻损耗.
Using the current reference, the quiescent current of the LDO is reduced to 4μA within the range of -40~130°C.	用这种参考电流源设计的LDO的静态电流在-40~130°C范围时减小到4μA.
A high accuracy folded common-source common-gate amplifier suitable for the reading circuit of a micro-sensor is proposed.	提出一种适合微传感器读出电路的高精度折叠共源共栅放大器.
Experimental results also verify the potential of this approach.	实验结果也表明该方法很有潜
In order to set up a bridge between global routing and detailed routing, this framework integrates global routing and detailed routing together and processes alternatively. Whenever the routing of a wire network is completed, the routing resources will always be updated in time. Accordingly, we can get an accurate estimation result of the resources, beneficial to direct the following global routing decisions.	为了在总体布线和详细布线之间架起桥梁,该框架把总体布线和详细布线集成起来,交互进行,每完成一个线网的布线,都及时对布线资源进行更新,由此可以得到精确的资源估计结果,有利于指导后续总体布线决策.
We have presented a new high voltage shield structure MER-LDMOS with multiple equipotential rings (MER). Furthermore, we have explained the shielding mechanism of this structure. We have verified the validity of the shielding mechanism through 2D device simulation.	提出一种多等位环(multiple equipotential rings, MER) 的高压屏蔽新结构MER-LDMOS,并解释了该结构的屏蔽机理,通过2D器件模拟验证了屏蔽机理的正确性.
Compared to conventional structure, BSI LDMOS has a much better relation between the breakdown voltage and the on-state resistance.	结果表明:与常规结构相比较,BSI LDMOS大大改善了击穿电压和导通电阻的折衷关系.
Hydrogenous non-crystal SiCx:H(a-SiCx:H) and non-crystal Si:H (a-Si:H) film are deposited layer-by-layer by controlling the gas types in the reaction chamber in a plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition system. Then crystallized nano-SiC/nc-Si (multicrystal SiC and nano-Si) multilayered film is successfully fabricated through a high temperature thermal annealing process.	在等离子体增强化学气相沉积系统中,通过控制进入反应室的气体种类逐层沉积含氢非晶SiCx∶H(a-SiCx∶H)和非晶Si∶H (a-Si∶H) 薄膜,然后经过高温热退火处理,成功制备出了晶化纳米SiC/nc-Si(多晶SiC和纳米Si)多层薄膜.
The paper describes a post resolution-enhancement-technique verification method for manufacturability design.	描述了一种采用分辨率提高技术后用于可制造性设计的验证方法.
We simulated and designed the circuit using Candence’s Spectre software and the CSMC’s 0.5μm CMOS mixed-signal technology.	用Cadence公司的Spectre软件以及CSMC的0.5μm CMOS混合信号模型对电路进行了仿真与芯片设计.
In this paper, the upper cell of the laminated cell consists of a CdS/CdTe super-thin layer and the lower cell consists of a CdS/CdTe thin film layer.	文中,叠层电池的顶电池由CdS/CdTe超薄层构成;底电池由CdS/CdTe薄膜层构成.
Organic light-emitting devices were fabricated with the ITO surface treated using the Al2O3 polishing liquid.	用Al2O3抛光液处理ITO表面制备了有机电致发光器件.
At low gain, the system can achieve an input third-order intercept point of +20dBm.	在低增益情况下,具有+20dBm的输入三阶交调能力.
Testing results verified the realization of the CC-CV charging mode proposed here.	测试结果验证了本文提出的CC-CV充电模式的实现.
We discussed the present research situation and major challenges confronting nano-electronic devices, such as single-electron devices, resonance devices, and molecular electronic devices, based on the Top-Down processing technique.	对基于Top-Down加工技术的纳米电子器件如:单电子器件、共振器件、分子电子器件等的研究现状、面临的主要挑战等进行了讨论.
Results show that carbon vacancies (VC), acting as donors, appeared during annealing. VC increases the density of effective carriers and plays an important role in the forming of ohmic contacts.	结果表明,合金化退火过程中形成了起施主作用的C空位(VC).C空位提高了有效载流子浓度并对最终形成欧姆接触起到了重要作用.
The noises in the receiver are mainly the thermal noise of the resistors in the circuit and the flicker noise in the MOS device.	接收机中的噪声主要是电路中电阻的热噪声和MOS器件的闪烁噪声.
No DC power is consumed by the converter. For a common load of 8Ω loudspeaker, the maximum output power can be as high as 436mW, and the dynamic range is larger than 100dB.	它无需消耗直流功耗,对于常用的8Ω扬声器负载,其最大输出功率可达436mW,输出动态范围大于100dB.
The charge sensitive amplifier uses poly-resistors as feedback components to reduce noise. The simulation results show that compared with traditional structures, when the detector's capacitance reaches 150pF, the input referred equivalent noise charge is reduced from 5036e to 2381e at the cost of 0.5V output swing loss.	电荷灵敏放大器采用多晶硅电阻做反馈来减小噪声,仿真发现与传统结构相比,在探测器电容高达150pF时,输入等效噪声电荷数由5036个电子减小到2381个,代价是输出摆幅减小了0.5V.
An improved temperature model for vertical cavity surface emitting lasers is proposed.	针对垂直腔面发射激光器提出了一种改进的温度模型.
Preliminary analysis of the damage mechanisms of the reactor pulse neutron and gamma rays irradiation of SiGe HBT reactors was conducted.	初步分析了SiGe HBT反应堆脉冲中子及γ辐射的损伤机理.
Simultaneously, in order to optimize different	同时,为了优化不同
We report an X-band low noise amplifier (LNA) module, which has been built from our own design. An efficient method for adjusting the gain flatness of the module is proposed, that is, multiple parallel resonant circuits are placed between two amplifiers, generating several resonant points at lower frequencies out of the band to attenuate the gain in the low frequency region and at the same time reduce the gain at the low frequency end of the band. Additionally, parallel and series resistors are used in the resonant circuit to adjust the gain compression, so as to flatten the gain in the operating band.	报道了自行设计并研制成功的X波段低噪声放大器(LNA)模块,提出了调整模块增益平坦度的有效方法,即在两级放大器之间设计多个并联谐振回路,使其在带外低频段产生不同的谐振点来衰减低频段的增益,同时拉低带内低频端的增益,再用谐振回路中的串并联电阻调整增益压缩的大小,从而使工作频带内增益平坦.
By analyzing the relation between deep level defect generation and heat treatment and growth conditions, we proposed an approach to constrain defect generation and improve the material’s quality.	通过分析深能级缺陷产生的规律与热处理及生长条件的关系,给出了抑制缺陷产生,提高材料质量的途径.
Under a biasing condition of VDS=40V, IDS=0.9A, the maximum continuous wave output power is 41.4dBm with a maximum power added efficiency (PAE) of 32.54%, the power combine efficiency is 69% at 5.4GHz	在偏置条件为VDS=40V,IDS=0.9A时,输出连续波饱和功率在5.4GHz达到41.4dBm,最大的PAE为32.54%,并且功率合成效率达到69%.
In order to reduce the inaccuracy caused by imperfect calibration, a "flow-graph" method is proposed in this paper based on the systematic calibration analysis method. This method takes into account the effects of the inaccuracy of various frequency responses and the mismatch between different ports. A calibration formula is deduced.	为了降低校准不完善对结果造成的误差,文中提出了基于信号流图的系统校准分析方法,考虑了各种频响误差及端口间失配的影响,推导出校准公式.
Results indicate that the crystal quality and morphology of InN film does not change monotonically with annealing temperatures.	结果表明,InN薄膜的结晶质量和表面形貌并不随退火温度单调变化.
The calculation results showed that the configuration and the number of nitrogen atoms have significant effects on the transportation property of the (8,0) single-wall carbon nanotubes.	计算结果表明,不同构形和不同数目的氮原子掺杂对 (8,0) 单壁碳管的输运性能有复杂的影响.
An oversampling digital-to-analog converter and a class D power amplifier are integrated in the device, thus audio devices such as earphones and loudspeakers can be driven directly without an extra low-pass filter.	它把过采样数模转换器和D类功率放大器这两部分集成在一起,不需要额外的低通滤波器即可直接驱动耳机扬声器等语音设备.
Using the unpackaged bare chips of the receiver circuit and photodetector, the module is packaged and fabricated by chip-on-board technology. By a flip-chip method, accurate alignment of the detector array and array grating is achieved and a pluggable optical port is formed.	直接使用未经封装的接收电路裸片和光探测器裸片,采用电路板上芯片技术封装制作模块,并通过倒装焊的方式实现了探测器阵列与列阵光纤的精确对准并形成了可插拔的光接口.
The circuit has been fabricated using a 0.18µm CMOS process. The simulation results at a Vdd voltage of 1.8V and an environmental temperature of 55°C indicate that, compared to the two existing techniques, at the same worst delay, the new structure has better anti-noise ability, which is increased by 12% and 8%, respectively. Meanwhile, at the same anti-noise ability, the new structure shows faster speed, which is increased by 1.6 and 1.4 times, respectively.	在0.18μm CMOS工艺,1.8V的Vdd电压和55°C的环境温度下,模拟结果表明:与现有的两种技术相比,在相同的最坏延时情况下,新结构具有更好的抗噪声能力,分别提升了12%和8%; 而在具有相同的抗噪声能力的情况下,新结构具有更快的速度,分别提高了1.6倍和1.4倍.
Since high voltage and high current are involved in the chip operation, the circuit is implemented using bipolar-CMOS-DMOS (BCD) technology. We have also optimized the system, the circuit and the layout.	由于芯片工作中涉及较高电压和较大电流,电路采用BCD工艺(bipolar-CMOS-DMOS)实现,并对系统、电路和版图进行了优化.
The variation of the luminescence spectrum originates from luminescence resonant energy transfer between the larger and smaller sized nanocrystals.	荧光光谱的变化来源于大小尺寸纳米晶体之间的荧光共振能量迁移.
The device demonstrates a common-emitter DC current gain of 170, an offset voltage of 0.2V, a knee voltage of 0.5V, and a breakdown voltage of over 2V.	该器件的共射直流增益达到170,残余电压约为0.2V,膝点电压仅为0.5V,而击穿电压超过了2V.
The variantional method is used to study the dependence of state energy and binding energy of hydrogenic impurities in a GaAs/AlxGa1-xAs finite parabolic quantum well on the external electric field and well width.	采用变分方法研究GaAs/AlxGa1-xAs有限抛物量子阱中类氢杂质态能量和结合能随外电场和阱宽的变化关系.
Before this refinement, the accuracies of common parameters are generally in the order of 1nV, or even only 0.03mV in some cases.	改进前通用参数的精度一般达到1nV量级,某些情况下只能达到0.03mV.
Based on the numerical simulation, the device structure is optimized. Result shows that the wave guide detector of 7.6 μm can get more than 20% of quantum efficiency.	本文在数值模拟的基础上,对器件结构进行了优化设计,结果表明7.6μm长的波导探测器可以得到20%以上的量子效率.
When using Al2O3 (1120) substrate, because of smaller lattice mismatch, a smooth layer-by-layer growth mode is maintained, and the critical film thickness is much larger than that when using Al2O3 (0001) substrate.	当采用Al2O3 (1120)衬底时,由于晶格失配较小,能保持平坦层状生长,临界膜厚远远大于采用Al2O3 (0001)衬底的结果.
During the routing process in this algorithm, we carefully consider the mesh routing's impact on its optical proximity effect (OPE) cost function through its location and routing shape. By using an OPE cost function, we can control the growth of the Steiner tree and selection of the routing path, and at the same time also consider the routing mesh's length.	该算法在布线过程中,充分考虑了线网走线相对位置及布线线形对其光学邻近效应的影响,通过相应的光刻模拟模型定义了用于估计光学邻近效应(optical proximity effect,OPE)的OPE费用函数,并采用OPE费用阈值控制Steiner树的生长方向和走线路径的选择,同时兼顾线网长度.
Using the radio-frequency plasma-assisted molecular beam epitaxy technology, we have epitaxially grown a single crystal InAlGaN film with good crystal quality on a sapphire substrate.	利用射频等离子体辅助分子束外延技术在蓝宝石衬底上外延了晶体质量较好的单晶InAlGaN薄膜.
Results show that the polycrystalline AlSb films obtained by annealing at 540°C has an fcc structure with an indirect optical band gap of 1.62eV and an activation energy of conductivity of 0.33eV.	发现540°C退火后得到的AlSb多晶薄膜呈立方相结构,间接跃迁光能隙为1.62eV,电导激活能约为0.33eV.
By carrying out photoluminescence spectrum and absorption spectrum measurements, we studied in detail the phase transition of the above mentioned samples and its effect on the optical property of the samples.	通过对样品的光致发光谱、吸收谱的测量,详细研究了上述样品的相结构转变对其光学性质的影响.
We proposed a simple model to quantitatively analyze the influence of resistance on mobility.	提出了一个简单的模型用来定量分析串联电阻对迁移率的影响.
The effect of five different annealing atmospheres on the oxygen sediment and the traps induced by oxygen sediment in Czochralski silicon has been studied.	研究了五种不同的热处理气氛对直拉硅中氧沉淀及其诱生缺陷的影响.
We studied many contributing factors, especially the geometric configurations of the heat dissipation of the interconnect system by applying a three wiring layer interconnect configuration, and we simulated in detail the heat dissipation of various interconnection wirings of different metals and dielectrics.	应用一个三层互连布线结构研究了诸多因素尤其是布线的几何构造对互连系统散热问题的影响,并对多种不同金属与介质相结合的互连布线的散热情况进行了详细模拟.
We propose a design for the direct frequency converting DVB-S RF front-end circuit, which is based on the CMOS process.	提出了基于CMOS工艺的直接频率变换的DVB-S射频前端电路设计.
Through the varied temperature C-V measurement of the Schottky structures fabricated on heterojunction materials and the varied temperature measurements of the transmission line model, we have studied the variation between 25oC and 200oC of the DC characteristics of sapphire substrate AlGaN/GaN heterojunction transistors with high electron mobility. We have analyzed the temperature dependence of the density distribution of carriers, the channel sheet resistance, the Ohmic specific contact resistance, and the buffer layer leakage current.	通过对异质结材料上制作的肖特基结构变温C-V测量和传输线模型变温测量,研究了蓝宝石衬底AlGaN/GaN异质结高电子迁移率晶体管的直流特性在25~200°C之间的变化,分析了载流子浓度分布、沟道方块电阻、欧姆比接触电阻和缓冲层泄漏电流随温度的变化规律.
When x further increases to 0.44, phase separation of MgxZn1-xO can be observed.	当x值增加到0.44时,观察到了MgxZn1-xO的相分离.
For the nitrogen doping of the same concentration, the distance between the neighboring nitrogen atoms in the cells greatly affects the transportation property of the carbon nanotubes.	对于浓度相同的氮掺杂,原胞内最近邻氮原子间距极大地影响了碳管的输运性能.
This paper describes a novel method for improving the high current performance of static induction transistors (SITs).	描述了改善静电感应晶体管(SIT)大电流特性的新方法.
Calculation results indicate that the proposed device possesses the following good properties: if the amplitude-coupling ratio between the small ring and channels is 0.27, and the amplitude-coupling ratio between the small ring and large ring is 0.06, the device shows a box-like spectral response, with the sub peak in the output spectrum being reduced to -25dB. The resonant peaks are flat and steep. The 3dB bandwidth is about 0.28nm. The insertion loss and crosstalk of each output channel is relatively small. The insertion loss is less than 0.	计算结果表明,该器件具有以下良好性能:若取小环与信道间的振幅耦合比率为0.27,小环与大环间的振幅耦合比率为0.06,该器件具有箱形波谱响应,输出光谱中的次峰值已被抑制到-25dB,谐振峰平坦且陡峭,3dB带宽约为0.28nm,每条输出信道的插入损耗及串扰较小,插入损耗小于0.
By means of electron backscatter diffraction (EBSD), we measure the grain IQ values in the orientations of (111), (100), and (110) of Al interconnecting wires before and after annealing.	采用电子背散射衍射(EBSD)方法,测量退火前后Al互连线(111), (100), (110)取向晶粒的IQ值.
We discovered that the doping of nitrogen atoms improves the transportation property of the semiconducting carbon nanotubes. The current-voltage curves exhibited a nonlinear variation.	研究发现,氮原子的掺杂提高了半导体型碳管的输运性能,电流-电压曲线呈非线性变化.
The designed circuit is called a monostable-to-bistable transition logic element (MOBILE) circuit.	设计电路称为单稳态-双稳态转换逻辑单元(MOBILE).
With a 5.5GHz carrier, its VCO kernel power dissipation is 17.5mW and the phase noise is -101.67dBc/Hz at 100kHz frequency offset.	当输出5.5GHz时,VCO内核消耗功率为17.5mW;在100kHz频偏处的相位噪声是-101.67dBc/Hz.
This novel sampling switch is especially suitable for low-voltage, high-precision analog-to-digital converters.	这种新型采样开关特别适用于低电压,高精度模数转换器.
The light extraction efficiency of an LED is successfully enhanced using photonic crystal structure. Compared to LEDs without photonic crystal structures, LEDs with that structure can achieve a light extraction twice as efficient.	成功实现了利用光子晶体结构增强LED的出光效率,与未制作光子晶体结构的LED相比,光子晶体结构LED的出光效率可在原来基础上提高1倍以上.
An additional element is introduced to predict the inductive losses of the substrate.	通过引入一个新的元件,对PAD结构基底感性损耗进行表征.
This device uses a novel distribution cell structure, and no notable current gain fall-off or thermal effects are observed in the I-V properties at high collector current.	器件采用了新颖的分单元结构,在大电流下没有明显的增益塌陷现象和热效应出现.
Furthermore, we have discussed the effect of crystal defects on the IR transmittance and resistivity.	并讨论了晶体中的缺陷对红外透过率和电阻率的影响.
High-resolution X-ray double crystal diffraction, a scanning tube microscope and a photoluminescence spectroscopy technique are used to study the structure and optical properties of InGaN/GaN MQW grown at high temperatures.	采用高分辨率X射线双晶衍射、扫描隧道显微镜和光致发光谱技术研究了高温生长InGaN/GaN多量子阱的结构和光学特性.
We performed a relatively detailed study on the preparation and micro-patterning of PZT piezoelectric films, and eventually successfully obtained samples of the silicon based PZT piezoelectric film micro-sensors.	对PZT压电薄膜的制备和微细图形化进行了较为详细的实验研究,最后成功地制备出硅基PZT压电薄膜微传感器样品.
Taking advantage of the reverse current of the parasitic diode in the MOS transistor, we improved the precision of the 30nA current reference from ±1.5nA to ±0.9nA within the range of -40~130°C by compensating every branch current in the current mirror.	利用MOS管寄生二极管反向电流的高温特性,对各支路的镜像电流进行了温度补偿,在-40~130°C范围内的30nA的基准电流精度从±1.5nA提高到±0.9nA.
The key to the method uses a mixed-integer linear programming method to simultaneously determine the position and size of the inserted fine-grain sleep transistor.	该方法的核心是利用混合整数线性规划方法同时确定插入细粒度休眠晶体管的位置和尺寸.
We developed 4H-SiC MESFET 1mm multi-gate devices.	研制了4H-SiC MESFET 1mm多栅器件.
The breakdown voltage of the device is increased by 14% asd compared to bulk silicon LDMOS.	该结构器件的耐压比体硅LDMOS提高了14%.
The realization of this circuit can solve the problem of power limitation in conventional RTD-based oscillating circuits. If using a device with higher frequency and higher speed, such as a high electron mobility transistor (HEMT) instead of a MOSFET, this circuit can improve its frequency greatly and is more suitable for monolithic integration.	该电路的实现有望解决传统的基于RTD的振荡电路的功率限制问题,如果进一步用高电子迁移率晶体管(HEMT)等高频、高速器件取代MOSFET,可以在很大程度上提高这一电路的工作频率,并可实现RTD/HEMT的单片集成.
Further measurement on the noise spectrum indicated that the 1/f noise is the main reason why the noise of the laminate device changes with the background radiation and the edge-contact asymmetric MIS structure in the laminate structure enlarges the effect of background radiation on the 1/f noise.	进一步的噪声频谱测量表明,1/f噪声是叠层器件噪声随背景辐射变化的主要原因;而叠层结构中存在的边缘接触不对称MIS结构增大了背景辐射变化对1/f噪声的影响.
Through the study of parameters like the off-state leakage current, transconductance, and the gate leakage current of the above two groups of devices, we find that the effect on irradiation is mostly caused by the space charges in the field oxide, when the devices are developed to deep sub-micrometer scale.	通过对这两种器件关态泄漏电流、跨导和栅电流等电学参数进行分析,得出当器件发展到深亚微米阶段时,影响其辐射效应的主要原因是场氧化层中的陷阱电荷.
The evolution of microstructures on PbSe film surface is because the Se beam flux has changed the strain relaxation mode in the film and further changed the growth mode of the film.	PbSe薄膜表面微结构的演化是由于Se束流改变了薄膜中的应变弛豫方式,从而改变了薄膜的生长模式引起的.
XPS results show that there are two main peaks and a satellite peak in the C1s fine spectrum of the original surface. The main peaks are excited by the C atoms in the p-rings with binding energy of 284.6eV and the C atoms in the acid anhydride groups with binding energy 288.7eV. Furthermore the presence of the satellite peak with binding energy of 290.4eV shows that the oxidation phenomena of C atoms occur by the O from inside the ITO film.	XPS表明,在原始表面的C1s精细谱存在两个主谱峰和一个伴峰,主谱峰分别由结合能为284.6eV的p环中的C原子和结合能为288.7eV的酸酐基团中的C原子激发;而结合能为290.4eV的伴峰的存在,说明发生了来源于ITO膜中的氧对C原子的氧化现象.
Erbium silicide is easily produced in the films at the lower temperature and lower oxygen pressure. The films also approach a polycrystal state.	较低的温度和氧气压下在薄膜内易生成硅化铒,薄膜也趋于多晶化.
As far as OFET is concerned, the SiO2 layer fabricated using sputtering technology should be more proper than the SiO2 layer grown by heat oxidation.	对OFET而言,采用溅射工艺制备的SiO2层应比热氧化生长的SiO2层更合适.
SEM images show that ZnO nanowires grow in parallel to the sapphire substrate.	扫描电子显微镜分析表明,ZnO纳米线在蓝宝石衬底上水平生长.
Field emission measurements indicate that the fabricated ZnO nanorods have excellent field emission performance, namely a low turn-on field, low threshold field, and high emission spot density.	场发射测试表明制备的ZnO纳米棒具有良好的场发射性能,即具有较低的开启电场和阈值电场,较高的发射点密度.
At a power supply voltage of 1.8V and bit-rate of 640kHz, the average power consumption of EEPROM programming/erasing operations is about 68µA, and the average power consumption of a/the reading operation is about 0.6µA.	在电源电压为1.8V,数据率为640kHz时,EEPROM编程/擦写的平均功耗约为68μA,读操作平均功耗约为0.6μA.
On-chip testing at 8GHz has been carried out on a device with an 80×10µm gate width, which showed an output power of 27.04dBm and a power-added efficiency of 26.5%.	8GHz频率下在片测试80×10μm栅宽器件的输出功率为27.04dBm,同时功率附加效率达到26.5%.
Based on the mean, standard deviation, skewness, and kurtosis, these four parameters which can exactly characterize the distribution, and Chebyshev-Hermite polynomials, we proposed a new model for computing non-normal PCIs. The proposed model can overcome the negative impact on calculation results when the data bias is large. Moreover, its algebraic formulae can simplify the computation.	根据数据的均值、标准偏差、偏度和峰度四个变量能够体现分布特性,结合切比雪夫-埃尔米特多项式,提出了新的非正态工序能力指数计算模型,该模型能克服数据偏差大时对计算结果的不良影响,并且其代数计算公式可以简化计算.
The experiment also shows that this bond process can efficiently reduce residual stress in bonded pairs, control the bondline width, and generate quite good bonding strength.	实验结果显示,该方法能有效减少键合片的残余应力,控制键合线宽,并能得到较好的键合强度.
Application of this relationship in the analysis of the experimental results obtained by irradiating the optoelectronic coupling device confirmed the conclusion of the theory.	此关系应用于对光电耦合器辐照实验结果的分析,实验结果与理论得到的结论一致
Thus, while encapsulating RF MEMS switches in low vacuum diminishes the air damping and improves the switch speed and operation voltage, the performance of a switch tends to be influenced by the outside environment.	可见,RF MEMS开关用低真空封装可以减小空气阻尼、改善开关速度和执行电压的同时,开关的性能却容易受外界环境因素的影响.
We use a single subband static screening model to deal with the electron impurity scattering process.	使用单子带静态屏蔽模型来处理电子与杂质的散射过程.
The simulation and experimental results show that the test circuit with a radial stub is better than that without.	模拟和测试结果都表明,采用扇形线的测试电路性能较好.
We reported a new tapered multimode interference based coherent light wave combiner.	报道了一个新的基于锥形多模干涉的相干光波合波器.
Through optimization experiments We obtain a higher-rate and smoother polishing surface.	通过优化实验获得了高速率、高平整的抛光表面.
The numerical method is used to express the compensation degree θ of n-type GaN at room temperature as a function of the Caughey-Thomas analytical model.	用数值方法将室温n型GaN补偿度θ表示为Caughey-Thomas解析模型函数.
Parameters of the MOEMS tunable filter, such as the FWHM, transmittance, tuning deflection, and tuning velocity, are analyzed theoretically according to the requirements of the WDM system.	按照波分复用系统的性能要求对MOEMS可调谐滤波器各项参数,如带宽、峰值透射率、挠度和调谐速度等进行了分析和设计.
But, testing methods can affect Qbd to a great extent.	但是测试方法却可以在很大程度上影响击穿电量.
Compared to devices fabricated with the unimplanted laser, the intermixed FP laser fabricated using this material achieved intermixed laser blue-shifts of 37nm.	用这种材料制作了FP腔激光器,与未注入器件相比,实现了37nm的激射波长蓝移.
A multiple junction termination extension (MJTE) was used to eliminate the electric field crowding effect at the edge and to reduce the surface electric field.	采用multiple junction termination extension  (MJTE)方法减少器件的电流集边效应和器件表面电场.
The switch is fabricated with a surface micromachining technology and satisfactory results are obtained.	采用表面微加工工艺来制作开关,获得满意结果.
The design has been implemented using the TSMC 0.25μm CMOS technology and it has been tested.	该设计已经采用TSMC 0.25μm CMOS工艺实现并进行了验证.
Experimental results show that under rapid thermal processing, interstitial copper has almost no effect on oxygen precipitation but copper precipitation remarkably enhances the formation of oxygen precipitation. However, neither interstitial nickel nor nickel precipitation affects the formation of oxygen precipitation.	实验结果表明:在快速热处理工艺下,间隙铜对氧沉淀几乎没有影响,铜沉淀却能显著地促进氧沉淀的形成;而间隙镍或镍沉淀对氧沉淀的形成都没有影响.
The fabrication process of this structure is completely compatible with the GaAs MMIC process.	该结构制作工艺与GaAs MMIC工艺完全兼容.
Within a 1dB-bandwith varying from -17.5 to 11.5dBm, and a 3dB-bandwith varying from 65MHz to 860MHz while dissipating 16.5mW at a 2.5V supply voltage.	输入1dB压缩点为-17.5到11.5dBm, 3dB带宽为65MHz到860MHz, 2.5V电源供电下功耗为16.5mW.
In order to compare with other oscillators, we calculate the optimized value of the phase noise, which is 173.2dBc/Hz.	为了与其他振荡器比较,还通过计算得到了相位噪声优值,约为-173.2dBc/Hz.
A down-scaling circuit with low power dissipation was fabricated by a TSMC 0.18μm mixed-signal CMOS process.	采用TSMC 0.18μm 混合信号CMOS工艺实现了具有低功耗的下变频模块电路.
It was shown that the preferred growth in the (400) direction of ITO film has a very small effect on its transmittance but can significantly improve the carrier mobility, so as to reduce the sheet resistance of the film.	结果表明,ITO薄膜(400)取向的优先生长对其透过率影响很小,但可明显增加载流子迁移率,从而有效降低了薄膜的方块电阻.
Bonding of GaN and GaAs in has been realized in nitrogen ambience at 600°C for 1 hour, using two different treating methods: hydrophilic and hydrophobic processes. Both methods can satisfy the requirements of devices on the bonding strength and the bonding area.	采用亲疏水两种不同的处理方法,在氮气保护、600°C热处理1h条件下,成功实现了GaN和GaAs异质材料的键合,两种处理方法均可满足器件对于键合强度及键合面积的要求.
The improved AlN-DSOI structure has significantly increased the circuit speed and driving power on the basis of effectively releasing the thermal effect and the floating body effect of the SOI structure.	改进后的AlN-DSOI结构在有效缓解SOI结构热效应和浮体效应的基础上,显著提高了电路的速度和驱动能力.
Its characterization measurements show: the breakdown voltage Vb is 3000V, a specific on series-wound resistance is 9.2mΩ•cm^2, and Ron is 978MW/cm^2.	其特性测试结果为:击穿电压Vb为3000V,串联导通电阻Ron为9.2mΩ・cm2,V2b/Ron为978MW/cm2.
Moreover, we also designed a dynamic digital double sampling technique. Compared with the conventional double sampling technique (with a fixed pattern noise around 0.5%), the dynamic digital double sampling technique possesses simpler circuit structure and a better FPN suppression effect.	此外还设计了一种数字动态双采样技术,相对于传统的双采样技术(固定模式噪声约为0.5%) ,数字动态双采样技术具有更简洁的电路结构和更好抑制FPN噪声的效果.
Band structure of a two-dimensional infinite photonic crystal has been calculated using the FDTD method, and InP-based photonic crystal devices with two-dimensional slab structures have been fabricated.	应用FDTD方法计算了二维无限大光子晶体的能带结构,并制备出了InP基二维平板结构的光子晶体器件.
The paper describes the design and fabrication of three novel MEMS microneedles.	描述了三种新型MEMS微针的结构设计及制备方法.
Experimental results showed that, if the silicon already treated by low-temperature-high-temperature annealing is annealed at a high temperature in one of the five different atmospheres, the oxygen sediment will partially dissolve. The amount of dissolved oxygen does not obviously depend on the annealing atmosphere. However, the distribution of bulk micro-defects (BMDs) is different in silicon wafers annealed in different atmospheres.	实验结果表明,经过低-高退火处理的硅片继续在五种不同的气氛中高温退火,氧沉淀会部分溶解,其溶解量与热处理气氛没有明显的关系,但不同气氛中处理的硅片中体缺陷(BMDs)的分布不同.
The gate currents of MOSFETs with high-k dielectrics of different structures and materials are calculated using this method. The high-k gate structures of pMOSFET and nMOSFET are analyzed and compared.	运用该方法计算了各种结构和材料高k介质的MOSFET栅极电流,并对pMOSFET和nMOSFET高k栅结构进行了分析比较.
However, the oxide growth (at a temperature above 435oC) presents a nonlinear growth behavior for the two structures employed in VCSEL.	但对于在VCSEL中采用的两种结构,氧化物的生长(温度高于435°C)表现为非线性生长行为.
We propose a novel detector structure, resonant-cavity-enhanced photodetector. The device is composed of two Bragg reflectors and a waveguide absorption region. Compared to conventional waveguide photodetectors, the device can be designed with a much smaller size. The absorption range length is not limited by the SiGe critical thickness, and the optimization between quantum efficiency and response speed can be realized. The structure is optimized through numerical simulation and a quantum efficiency of 20% is expected with a 7.6μm-long waveguide.	本文提出一种新型的探测器结构,即波导共振增强型光电探测器,该器件主要由两个介质布拉格反射镜和波导吸收区构成,器件尺寸较传统波导型探测器大为减小,吸收区的长度不受SiGe临界厚度的限制,实现了量子效率和响应速度的优化.
The distributed amplifier has a -3dB bandwidth close to 20GHz, with a transimpedance of about 46dBΩ. Within the range of 50MHz~16GHz, the standing wave ratios of input and output voltage are less than 2. The noise coefficient is between 3.03dB and  6.5dB.	分布放大器-3dB带宽接近20GHz,跨阻增益约46dBΩ;在50MHz~16GHz范围内,输入、输出电压驻波比均小于2;噪声系数在3.03~6.5dB之间.
Finally, we measured the zero drift of the system, which is 0.02rad/s over a 5s interval.	最后,对系统的零漂进行了测试,在5s时间内观察到系统的零漂为0.02rad/s.
This longitudinal mode is dominant for the gain media competition, and thus the injected signal can be locked and realize the stability of laser output spectrum.	这个纵模在对增益介质的竞争中可以稳定地占据优势,从而与注入信号发生锁定,实现激光器输出光谱的稳定.
The paper describes an online method for measuring the parameters of thin MEMS films.	给出了一种MEMS薄膜材料参数的在线测试技术与方法.
By appropriate processing steps, using the conventional Bridgman method, we have grown a Cd0.8Mn0.2Te crystal with a size of 30mm×120mm.	通过适当的工艺措施,采用传统布里奇曼法生长了尺寸为Φ30mm×120mm的Cd0.8Mn0.2Te晶体.
We designed a monolithically integrated photoelectric receiver chip.	设计了一种单片集成的光电接收机芯片.
High quality ZnO film has been grown on SiNx/Si(111) substrate using laser molecular beam epitaxy (L-MBE). The crystal structure and surface topography of the film were characterized using X-ray diffraction (XRD) and an atomic force microscope (AFM). The results indicate that the as-grown ZnO film is highly c-axis oriented, and the surface is flat and compact.	采用激光分子束外延法(L-MBE)在SiNx/Si(111)衬底上制备了高质量的ZnO薄膜,用X射线衍射(XRD)和原子力显微镜(AFM)对薄膜的晶体结构、表面形貌进行了表征,结果表明ZnO薄膜有高度的c轴择优取向,薄膜表面平整致密.
The performance is better than the same kind of passive μDMFCs fabricated based on MEMS technology that were published abroad, and is comparable with the active μDMFCs with external pumps previously reported by our team and thus confirms the feasibility of the new configuration proposed in the paper.	此性能好于国外报道的同类基于MEMS技术制作的被动式微型直接甲醇燃料电池,并同本课题组之前报道的需使用外部泵的主动式微型直接甲醇燃料电池性能相当,证明了文中提出的新结构的可行性.
We have calculated the band gap structure of BxIn1-xP, BxGa1-xP through first principle calculation and using generalized gradient approximation (GGA) to treat the exchange-correlation energy among electrons.	利用第一性原理计算方法,用广义梯度近似 (GGA) 处理电子之间的交换关联能,计算了BxIn1-xP,BxGa1-xP的带隙结构.
We studied the mechanism of Au/Ti/Ni-4H-SiC ohmic contacts under thermal annealing.	研究了热退火条件下Au/Ti/Ni-4H-SiC欧姆接触形成机制.
By solving Poisson equations, an analytical model of the double-gate MOSFET with Schottky barriers is obtained.	通过求解泊松方程得到了双栅肖特基势垒MOSFET的解析模型.
Border traps induced by strong electric field and related to the singularity of the electric field are one of the key factors affecting the reliability of deep sub-micron MOS devices.	强场诱生并与电场奇异性相关的边界陷阱是影响深亚微米MOS器件可靠性的关键因素之一.
The fixed mode noise of the measurement circuit is reduced by using the differential topology of the ion-sensitive MFGFET and the reference MFGFET.	采用离子敏MFGFET和参考MFGFET差分拓扑结构,减少了测量电路的固定模式噪声.
Therefore we can conclude that higher growth temperature enhances the surface mobility of the In atoms and then increases the desorption probability of In atoms from the InxGa1-xN surface, and the higher V/III ratio can increase the bonding probability between N and In, which is beneficial to suppress In surface segregation.	由此可以认为,较高的生长温度使得In原子的表面迁移能力增强,In原子从InxGa1-xN表面解吸附的几率增大,而较高的V/III比则能增加N与In成键几率,从而有利于抑制In的表面分凝.
By combining the methods of mesa isolation and implantation isolation, we have solved the problem of the low breakdown voltage of AlGaN/GaN HFET due to the poor quality of the GaN epitaxial material buffer layer.	通过台面隔离与注入隔离结合的方法,解决了由于GaN外延材料缓冲层质量差造成的AlGaN/GaN HFET击穿电压低的问题.
The circuit generates electrical pulses with frequency proportional to the intensity of incident light.	该电路产生频率正比于入射光强度的电脉冲序列.
In order to obtain the device parameters, we have designed and fabricated a large area testing device with a mesa size of 300μm×300μm. The dark current density is 1.5E-3A/cm2 at 77K with a bias voltage of 2V. At a working temperature of 80K, the peak response wavelength of the device is 8.4μm, the cutoff wavelength is 9μm, and the blackbody detectivity DB is 3.95E8(cm•Hz1/2) /W.	为得到器件参数,设计制作了台面尺寸为300μm×300μm的大面积测试器件;77K下2V偏压时暗电流密度为1.5E-3A/cm2; 80K工作温度下,器件峰值响应波长为8.4μm,截止波长为9μm,黑体探测率DB为3.95E8 (cm・Hz1/2) /W.
The low power transmitter is composed of two parts: a 20MHz ASK baseband modulator based on a constant amplitude phase lock loop (PLL) and a direct up-conversion radio frequency circuit.	低功耗发射机由两部分组成:基于恒幅度锁相环(PLL)的20MHz的ASK基带调制器和直接上变换的射频电路.
The distribution is in exact correspondence with the different stages of quantum dot formation, so the whole process of the growth and evolution of quantum dots can be demonstrated by just one sample.	这种分布恰恰对应着量子点形成的不同时期,因此仅通过一个样品就可以把量子点的生长演变全过程展示出来.
With reverse Schottky barriers, DTMOS’s operating voltage can be extended to above 0.7V.	而采用反偏肖特基势垒结构,DTMOS的工作电压可以拓展到0.7V以上.
The filter is designed to meet the bandwidth specifications of both GSM and WCDMA standards and share the maximum number of components between the these two modes to reduce manufacturing cost.	滤波器的设计同时满足GSM和WCDMA的带宽性能并且为降低制造成本在两种模式下具有最大的元件共享度.
We studied the influence of stress on the luminescence of ZnO film.	研究了ZnO薄膜中应力对发光的影响.
Theoretical simulation of the light intensity distribution and the development process when preparing two-dimensional silicon based patterns by holographic lithography is carried out. Two-dimensional patterns with different periods can be obtained by changing the wavelength of the laser and the angle between the incident light and the sample surface.	理论上模拟了全息光刻法制备二维硅基图形阵列的光强分布和显影过程,通过改变激光波长及入射光与样品表面的夹角即可得到不同周期的二维图形.
A 1200V multi-region double RESURF (MR D-RESURF) LDMOS p-type buried layer is proposed. This structure is realized by introducing multiple p-type doped regions at the surface of the n-type drift region, and a p-type buried layer beneath the active region of a single RESURF (S-RESURF) structure. The additional field resulting from these two regions adjusts the original field in the device, so as to improve the field distribution. Meanwhile, due to the charge compensation, the concentration of n-type dopant in the drift region is increased and the on-resistance is reduced.	提出具有p埋层的1200V多区双RESURF (MR D-RESURF)  LDMOS,  在单RESURF (S-RESURF)结构的n漂移区表面引入多个p掺杂区,并在源区下引入p埋层,二者的附加场调制器件原来的场,以改善其场分布;同时由于电荷补偿,提高了漂移区n型杂质的浓度,降低了导通电阻.
The experiment results indicated that this method is able to quickly and efficiently simulate the aberration effect in the ultra-deep sub-micron photolithography, which cannot be correctly simulated using traditional methods.	实验结果显示,该方法能够快速有效地模拟用传统方法不能准确模拟的超深亚微米新出现的一些畸变效应.
The variation in the stress state of Ge dots reveals the formation of a high quality interface between the crystallized Si and Ge nanodots after induced crystallization.	Ge点中的应力状态的变化揭示出诱导结晶后形成高质量的晶态Si与Ge纳米点界面.
The resonator fiber optic gyro is a novel sensor that measures the angular velocity of its carrier based on the optical Sagnac effect.	谐振式光纤陀螺是基于光学Sagnac效应来测量载体旋转角速度的一种新型传感器.
We measured the electric parameters - including resistivity, mobility, and free carrier concentration - of n-type 6H-SiC made in China and by American company Cree, Inc. at low temperature. The impurity concentration and energy levels of two kinds of SiC are obtained through data fitting by FCCS software.	测试了国产和美国Cree公司生产的n型6H-SiC低温下的电学参数,包括电阻率、迁移率和自由载流子浓度,并用FCCS软件数据拟合分析得到两种SiC的杂质浓度和能级.
We present an improved four transistor self-body-bias structure SRAM/SOI memory cell.	提出一种改进4管自体偏压结构SRAM/SOI单元.
Using the deposition of a-Si:H film in a plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition system combined with in-situ plasma oxidized technology, we fabricated a series of a-Si:H/SiO2 multilayered film with a-Si:H sublayers of different thickness.	采用在等离子体增强化学气相沉积(PECVD)系统中淀积a-Si∶H薄膜结合原位等离子体氧化的技术,制备了一系列不同a-Si∶H子层厚度的a-Si∶H/SiO2多层膜.
The amplifier can be applied to a 24GHz auto radar front and 26.5GHz local multi-point communication system.	该放大器可以应用在24GHz汽车雷达前端和26.5GHz本地多点通信系统中.
We implanted a thin n+ layer at the surface to reduce the on-state resistance. The p buried layer modifies the transverse electric field at the surface, enhances the breakdown voltage, and increases the optimal concentration in the drift region.	通过表面注入n+薄层降低导通电阻,p埋层不但改善横向表面电场分布,提高击穿电压,而且增大漂移区优化浓度.
Structure and emitting characteristic of InGaN/GaN multiple quantum well light emitting diodes (LED) with two emission peaks grown by MOCVD have been studied.	研究了MOCVD生长的具有双发射峰结构的InGaN/GaN多量子阱发光二极管(LED)的结构和发光特性.
After performing a 150~310℃ progressive stress accelerated test on 3DG130 samples, we obtained quicly the stress range of the consistent failure-mechanism and confirmed the feasibility of the method.	对样品3DG130进行了150~310°C的序进应力加速试验,快速得到了失效机理一致的应力范围,验证了该方法的可行性.
Thus, the current collapse can be effectively suppressed by surface passivation and the field-plate structure.	均减少了电子从潘泶┑奖砻嫦葳宓募嘎剩从而使虚诺淖饔眉跞酰有效地抑制了电流崩塌效应.
We have designed and implemented a low noise,1.25Gb/s and 124dBΩ front-end amplifier for optical receivers based on TSMC 0.25μm CMOS technology.	设计并实现了一种基于TSMC 0.25μm CMOS工艺的低噪声、1.25Gb/s和124dBΩ的光接收机前端放大器.
Considering in particular the influence of the energy band discontinuity of the emitter junction on the carrier transport, by solving the density of the carriers flowing across the emitter junction interface, we have developed the SiGe HBT transport current model.	重点考虑发射结能带的不连续对载流子输运产生的影响,通过求解流过发射结界面的载流子密度,建立了SiGe HBT传输电流模型.
An output power of >0.6dBm and an SNR of >43dB within the tuning range from 1527.4 to 1561.9nm can be achieved for this laser. The wavelength variation is less than 0.01nm, and the power fluctuation is less than 0.	实验得到激光器在1527.4~1561.9nm范围内波长可调,输出功率>0.6dBm,信噪比(SNR) >43dB;输出光波长与功率抖动分别<0.01nm和≤0.
Two high gain K-band low-noise amplifiers are presented, which are based on a 0.25µm PHEMT process.	基于0.25μm PHEMT工艺,给出了两个高增益K波段低噪声放大器.
A multi-input dynamic logic circuit is presented, which utilizes a narrow pulse generator to drive the output stage so as to improve the anti-noise ability of the circuit and at the same time keep the high speed characteristics of the dynamic circuit.	提出了一种利用窄脉冲发生器驱动输出级,以提高电路抗噪声能力,同时保持动态电路的高速特性的多输入动态逻辑电路.
A Li-ion battery charger based on the constant-current-constant-voltage (CC-CV) charging mode is proposed.	提出了一种基于恒流-恒压(CC-CV)充电模式的锂电池充电器.
More in-depth verification indicates that this model is applicable to a very large range of device sizes.	更深入的验证表明,该模型适用的器件尺寸范围很广.
The smallest measured turn-on voltage is 33V.	测得最低开启电压为33V.
Through a study of a failure mechanism model - the Arrhenius model - of electronic devices in accelerated testing, we find that in accelerated testing, when the failure mechanism doesn’t change, the relationship between the degradation rate of failure sensitive parameters of electronic devices and the negative reciprocal of applied stress is exponential, and thus, we propose a method to determine the consistency of the failure mechanism in accelerated testing.	通过对电子器件加速试验失效模型--Arrhenius模型的研究,发现加速试验过程中,失效机理不发生改变时,电子器件失效敏感参数的退化速率与施加应力的负倒数遵从指数关系,从而提出了一种加速试验失效机理一致性的判定方法.
The measurement of the current-voltage (I-V) properties show an obvious rectification property of the device.	电流-电压(I-V)特性测试显示该器件结构具有明显的整流特性.
The spatial distributions of temperature and the density of the electron in the Ar plasma at typical process conditions (1.33Pa, 200W, 200sccm) are simulated, and the 1D distributions of plasma parameters on the silicon surface at different pressures and powers are compared.	仿真研究了典型工艺条件(1.33Pa,200W,200sccm)下氩等离子体电子温度与电子数密度的空间分布,对比了不同气压与功率条件下等离子体参数在硅片表面的一维分布.
We designed and fabricated two novel miniature electrostatic field sensors with thermal actuators.	设计并制备出两种新型电热驱动微型静电场传感器.
For the Si doped samples and the unintentionally doped samples contaminated by oxygen or Si, there is always a deviation between the compensation degree based on Chin’s theory and the value obtained by fitting the experimental results. Through theoretical calculation and the numerical method, the theoretical model function θSi of the compensation degree of Si doped GaN is obtained. For the room temperature carrier concentration of 3e16~1e18cm-3, the result from this model has a good agreement with the value obtained by fitting the experimental results.	对掺Si样品及有氧或Si污染的非故意掺杂样品,基于Chin理论的补偿度值与普遍采用的实验拟合值常有一定偏差,通过理论计算及数值方法,得到了掺硅GaN补偿度的解析模型函数θSi,在室温载流子浓度3e16~1e18cm-3范围内,该模型值与普遍采用的实验拟合值符合得较好,与基于Chin理论的补偿度θC
Results show that the IEC-GTO can obtain a better trade-off between on-state and turn-off properties.	结果表明,IEC-GTO在关断特性和通态特性间获得较好的折中.
The results indicate that there exists close relationship between the radiation damage in a bipolar operational amplifier and the time. By repeatedly doing radiation-annealing experiments using different values for parameters such as the radiating dose rate, annealing temperature, and time, the low dose rate radiation damage in the device can be evaluated. The damaging mechanism is analyzed from the view point of interface states.	结果表明,双极运放的辐射损伤与时间有着密切的关系,通过调整辐照剂量率、退火温度及时间等参数进行循环辐照-退火实验,可以测评出器件的低剂量率辐射损伤情况,并从界面态角度对这种损伤机理进行了分析.
The application in the circuit shows the practical utility of the model and the algorithm.	通过应用电路说明了模型及算法的实用价值.
The XRD and SEM results indicate that the sample with the most dense In grains has the lowest crystal quality.	XRD和SEM结果表明In颗粒密度最高的样品具有最差的结晶质量.
This model can effectively incorporate high-Miller-index planes such as (211), (311), (331), and (411), and improve the simulation accuracy.	模型可以有效引入(211) , (311) , (331) , (411)等高密勒指数晶面,提高模拟精度.
Using the vacuum evaporation method, we prepared 8-hydroxylquinline cadmium thin films on glass substrates with different substrate temperatures. XRD analysis indicated that the 8-hydroxylquinline cadmium thin films are polycrystal. The higher the substrate temperature, the higher is the diffraction peak, the better is the crystalline characteristic and the larger are the crystal grains. AFM results showed a more ordered surface profile and a better crystal quality with increasing substrate temperature. Using MM-16 spectroscopic ellipsometer, we also discovered that the increasing of substrate temperature strengthens the anti-evaporation, which reduces the growth rate. With increasing the wavelength of the incident light, the refraction index and the extinction coefficient of the film decrease.	用真空蒸镀方法,在玻璃衬底上制备了衬底温度不同的八羟基喹啉镉薄膜.XRD分析表明,八羟基喹啉镉薄膜呈多晶态,且衬底温度越高,衍射峰越强,薄膜的结晶性能逐渐变好,结晶晶粒尺度也越大.AFM研究表明,衬底温度升高,薄膜表面形貌越均匀有序,质量变好.MM-16相调制型椭圆偏振光谱仪研究发现,衬底温度升高导致反蒸发增强,薄膜生长速率减小,随着入射光波长的增加,薄膜的折射率和消光系数逐渐减小.
We bring forth a new lifetime control technique - proton irradiation defect gettering of platinum local lifetime control.	提出一种寿命控制新技术--氢离子辐照缺陷汲取铂局域寿命控制技术.
After the radiation, the base current and the junction leakage current increased, while the collector current and the breakdown voltage decreased.	辐照后基极电流、结漏电流增大,集电极电流、击穿电压减小.
It is revealed that, compared to traditional single layer CdS/CdTe solar cells, the fabrication of CdS/CdTe laminated cells is useful for the study of improving the photo-voltaic performance of CdS/CdTe solar cells.	研究表明相对于传统的单层CdS/CdTe太阳电池,CdS/CdTe叠层电池的制备对研究如何提高CdS/CdTe太阳电池的光伏性能有一定的参考价值.
Three types of etch pits with different shapes and specific positions on the surface have been observed. Their origins can be explained by a model of the etching mechanism.	根据腐蚀坑的不同形状和在表面的特定位置可将其分成三种类型,它们的起源可由一个关于腐蚀机制的模型加以解释.
We performed experiments on transient state properties of the inverter at 27,100,150,200,250, and 300℃, respectively.	分别进行了27,100,150,200,250,300°C的非门瞬态特性实验.
We studied the influence of polarization-induced electric fields on the optical properties and the electron distribution of intersubband transitions in AlxGa1-xN/GaN double quantum wells by self-consistent calculation.	用自洽计算的方法研究了极化电场对AlxGa1-xN/GaN双量子阱中子带间跃迁的光学性质和电子分布的影响.
We studied the effects of the transition metals copper and nickel on the formation behavior of oxygen precipitation of internal gettering technology in Czochralski silicon under rapid thermal processing.	研究了快速热处理工艺下直拉单晶硅中过渡族金属铜、镍对内吸杂工艺中氧沉淀形成规律的影响.
Using molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) technology We grown an InGaAs quantum dot sample with very uneven distribution.	利用分子束外延技术(MBE)生长了一个分布很不均匀的InGaAs量子点样品.
By investigating the configuration of the magnetic poles and the adjustment of the magnetization direction, we optimized and studied the strength of the magnetic field and the uniformity of its distribution inside the etching apparatus. We obtained the optimal processing requirement considering both etching rate and etching uniformity.	通过研究磁极的配置及磁化方向的调整,对蚀刻装置内部磁场的强度及其分布的均匀性进行了优化研究,获得了在兼顾蚀刻速率和蚀刻均匀性的最优工艺要求.
A method is developed to simulate the deformation based on finite element analysis software, with no need to measure the gradient stress.	使用有限元分析软件,建立了一种无须测量内部应力的模拟梁变形的方法.
A novel self-biased active load amplifier is proposed. The amplifier has been used to construct a low power consumption and high power supply rejection ratio voltage reference. The low frequency power supply rejection ratio of the voltage reference and the open loop gain of the self-biased active load amplifier are analyzed.	提出一种新颖的自偏置有源负载放大器,设计构成了低功耗、高电源抑制比的基准电压源,并对基准电压源的低频电源抑制比和自偏置有源负载放大器的开环增益进行了分析.
The structural properties of the a-SiCx:H/nc-Si:H multilayered film is analyzed by cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy, revealing that the fabricated hyper lattice structure slightly deviates from the design, which is {Si}1{SiC}5.	利用截面透射电子显微镜技术分析了a-SiCx∶H/nc-Si∶H多层薄膜的结构特性,表明制得的超晶格结构稍微偏离设计,它的结构为{Si}1{SiC}5.
We calculated the ratio of the thicknesses of the Si and SiGe layers by using TEM, and then estimated that the wetting layer and the Ge compositions of the islands are about 0.51 and 0.67, respectively.	利用透射电镜得到Si和SiGe层的厚度比,估算出浸润层区与岛区的Ge组分分别为0.51和0.67.
We designed and fabricated a CMOS technology-compatible integrated humidity sensor. The humidity sensor and CMOS measurement circuits are integrated on the same chip.	设计并制备了一个CMOS工艺兼容的集成湿度传感器,将湿度传感器与CMOS测量电路集成在同一芯片上.
To properly describe the measurement-induced reaction, we developed a method of a detailed-balance preserved quantum master equation. The scheme established is applicable for arbitrary voltages and arbitrary temperatures.	为了正确描述测量引起的反作用,发展了一个保持细致平衡条件的量子主方程的方法,建立的这套方案适用于任意电压和任意温度.
We derived a differential equation applicable for squeeze-film air damping of a slotted plate structure.	推导出了一个适用于槽板结构压膜空气阻尼的微分方程.
This receiver includes an AGC loop that compensates the channel attenuation and an ASK detector.	该接收机包括一个用于补偿信道衰减的自动增益控制环和一个ASK检波器.
After the formation of pn junction, Si single crystal layer on the junction surface can be amorphized by amorphization Si ion implant technology	在pn结形成之后借助非晶化Si离子注入技术可以将结表面Si单晶层非晶化.
A test system with a lock-in amplifier is constructed to measure the weak output signals of both sensors.	针对传感器的弱电流输出信号,建立了基于锁相放大器的测试系统对两种传感器的输出信号进行检测.
Aiming at the possible fault phenomena during the hot-swapping processes such as surge current, overcurrent, and overvoltage, we have set up multi-protection functions in the chip design, including automatic confinement of the starting current, overcurrent shutting off of the circuit, overvoltage shutting down, and long overvoltage triggered SCR to provide crowbar protection for the loads.	针对热插拔过程中可能产生的浪涌电流和过流、过压等故障现象,芯片设计中设置了多重保护功能,包括自动限制启动电流,过流时切断电路以及过压时断电,长时过压触发SCR为负载提供撬棒保护等.
Testing results showed that, at room temperature, the device presents a clear gate-controlled negative differential resistance. The maximum peak-to-valley current ratio of the forward connected RTT is around 2.2, while that of the backward connected RTT is around 4.6.	测试结果表明:在室温下,器件具有明显的栅控负阻特性,正接型RTT的最大峰谷电流之比在2.2左右,反接型RTT的最大峰谷电流之比在4.6左右.
We have discussed the properties and modeling of coplanar waveguides realized using the TSMC 0.13μm CMOS technology.	讨论了利用TSMC 0.13μm CMOS工艺实现的共面波导的特性及其建模.
It is showed that Ag doping causes expansion of the lattice. In ZnO lattice, Ag impurities prefer to occupy substitutional Zn sites, forming a deep acceptor level.	研究表明,掺Ag导致晶格膨胀;在ZnO晶格中,杂质Ag最可能以替代Zn位出现,此时将形成一个深受主能级.
An effective improvement method is proposed to solve the reliability problem of metal wires among on-chip resistors and adhesion problem of the silicon mass in the accelerometer sensor.	针对芯片上各电阻间金属引线的可靠性问题和加速度传感器质量块吸附问题提出了有效的改进方法.
CNTs, nano silver, adhesive terpineol and organic solvent, after blending and grinding, are spread onto Cu-plated glass substrate. After sintering for 30 min at 250oC, nano silver particles weld with each other. The surrounding CNTs are cohered into an entire film. A CNTs cathode with a flat surface, and excellent conductivity and field emission performance is formed.	将CNTs、纳米银、粘性松油醇和有机溶剂混合研磨后涂敷在镀Cu玻璃基片上,250°C烧结30min后,纳米银颗粒之间互相熔接,将周围的CNTs粘结成为整体膜,形成了表面平整、导电性和场发射性能良好的CNTs阴极.
Its mechanism is that, after grinding and chemical mechanical polishing, the end of the protective dummy wafer near the glue forms a defect-free, complete wedge, whose straight edge serves as the standard to measure subsurface damage. The polishing angle can be accurately measured from the interference fringes formed on the wedge.	其原理是:经过研磨和化学机械抛光后,起保护作用的陪片靠近胶黏剂的一端形成一个无损伤的、完整的劈尖,劈尖的棱边作为测量亚表面损伤的基准;角度抛光的倾斜角可通过劈尖上面产生的干涉条纹准确地测量得到.
It is believed that the optical nonlinear enhancement of the film is caused by the quantum confinement effect of the electrons in the nano Si embedded in the SiO2, rather than the Al impurities. This is because Al is easily oxidized, hence no Al clusters are formed in the film.	分析认为薄膜的光学非线性增强来源于SiO2镶嵌的纳米Si中电子的量子限制效应,而不是来源于Al杂质,这是因为Al易被氧化,薄膜中没有形成Al团簇.
Using the method the current source proposed in the paper can remarkably increase output impedance without increasing power supply voltage.	利用该方法,文中所提出的电流源可在不增加电源电压的前提下显著提高其输出阻抗.
A CdS thin film filter has been prepared on quartz substrate using femtosecond pulsed laser deposition.	采用脉冲飞秒激光沉积方法,在石英衬底上制备了CdS薄膜滤波器.
We have analyzed the formation mechanism of the I-V characteristics and proved the rationality of the energy band model.	分析了I-V特性的形成机制,证明了能带结构模型的合理性.
A Si/SiO2 mixed thin film is evaporated onto K9 glass by double source electron beam evaporation.	用双源电子束蒸发的方法,在K9玻璃基片上蒸镀Si和SiO2的混合膜.
InAs quantum wire forms in the InAs/In0.52Al0.48As/InP heterojunction system grown by molecular beam epitaxy.	在分子束外延生长的InAs/In<sub>0.52</sub>Al<sub>0.48</sub>As/InP异质结体系中,形成InAs量子线.
We analyzed in detail the influence of interface states of uniform and non-uniform distributions on field-effect mobility.	详细分析了均匀分布和不均匀分布的界面态对场效应迁移率的影响.
We have presented a static-state model of NPT-IGBT under local lifetime control.	提出了局域寿命控制下的NPT-IGBT稳态模型.
The RTS timing properties of devices with a 1.4nm gate oxide by SMIC 90nm process nMOS are measured and analyzed. We propose that tunneling through the gate dielectric of electrons in the conduction band is responsible for RTS noise, and also present a detailed description of the mechanics of the RTS noise under high gate biasing.	在深入研究SMIC 90nm工艺1.4nm栅厚度nMOS器件RTS噪声时域特性的基础上,提出了该类噪声电子隧穿栅介质的物理起源,并对高栅压下RTS噪声机理作了深入阐述.
We proposed the design essentials of LC oscillators and the constraints required for consideration in the design.	给出了LC振荡器的设计要点及设计中需要考虑的约束条件.
High quality Mg0.2Zn0.8O thin film was deposited on the (0001) plane of sapphire substrate using the laser molecular beam epitaxy (LMBE), and annealed in the air at 900°C for 1 hour. Then an MSM Mg0.2Zn0.8O ultraviolet photodetector was fabricated by making Al interdigital electrodes on the film surface using the lift-off technique.	采用激光分子束外延(LMBE)方法在蓝宝石(0001)面生长了高质量的Mg0.2Zn0.8O薄膜,并对薄膜在空气中900°C进行了1h的退火处理,然后采用剥离方法在薄膜表面制作了Al叉指电极,制备出MSM型Mg0.2Zn0.8O光电导紫外探测器.
We have also simulated different device structures. An analysis of the results indicates that both the barrier thickness and the carrier effective mass of the device have an influence on the negative resistance effect of RTD.	还模拟了不同的器件结构,对结果的分析表明器件的势垒厚度和载流子有效质量都会对RTD的负阻效应产生影响.
Since the partial-depletion SOI material has the radiation hardened property, by using the full-body-contacting memory cell and the H-type gate transistor, not only is the power consumption of the chip reduced, but also the radiation hardened capability of the chip is improved.	基于部分耗尽SOI材料本身所具有的抗辐射特性,通过采用存储单元完全体接触技术和H型栅晶体管技术,不仅降低了芯片的功耗,而且提高了芯片的总体抗辐射水平.
When the radial flow MOCVD reactor with three separate vertical inlets is put in a natural convective heat transfer environment, the maximum difference in wall temperature reaches 123K. Such a temperature difference will have large effects on gas flow and the deposition process. In order to keep the walls at an even low temperature, the outer convective heat transfer coefficient should be greater than 84W/m2・K.	当径向三重流MOCVD反应器处于自然对流的环境时,壁面的最大温差可达123K,如此大的温差将会对反应器内的气体流动和沉积过程产生影响;为了使反应器的温度保持在较为恒定的低温,外壁面的强制对流换热系数应大于84W/(m2・K).
With the two dimensional MEDICI numerical analysis software, we have verified that this structure has the advantages of optimizing simultaneously the lateral and vertical electric fields of lateral SOI-based high voltage devices and increasing the breakdown voltages.	借助二维MEDICI数值分析软件,验证了此结构具有同时优化横向SOI基高压器件横、纵向电场,提高击穿电压的优点.
Luminescence spectra show that when the distance between two sizes of CdTe nanocrystals in compound film gradually decreases, the intensity of the luminescence peak for the smaller sized CdTe nanocrystals gradually weakens and the intensity of the luminescence peak for the larger sized CdTe nanocrystals gradually strengthens.	荧光光谱显示:当复合薄膜中两种尺寸的纳米晶体之间的距离逐渐靠近时,较小尺寸的CdTe纳米晶体荧光峰强度逐步减弱,而较大尺寸的纳米晶体的荧光峰强度逐渐加强.
The output resistance of the current source from simulations based on 0.6μm CMOS technology models can reach 1E9Ω. In addition, the current source has a 1.04GHz bandwidth and a temperature coefficient at only 10.6ppm/℃ between – 40 and 145℃.	基于0.6μm的CMOS工艺模型,仿真所得电流源的输出阻抗可达1E9Ω,同时,该电流源频带宽度为1.04GHz, 在-40~145°C之间,电流源的温度系数只有10.6ppm/°C.
With a 5V power supply, the DC power consumption is 120mW.	在5V供电的情况下,直流功耗为120mW.
We proposed a new model for the RF-CMOS parasitic effects of a test structure. This model take into account the different parasitic effects of on-chip RF-MOST test structure under RF/microwave conditions.	提出了一种新的RF-CMOS晶体管在片测试结构寄生模型,模型综合考虑了射频/微波条件下RF-MOST器件在片测试结构中的各种寄生效应.
HSPICE simulations using TSMC 0.25μm CMOS technology and a 3V power supply validates the effectiveness of the proposed design.	采用TSMC 0.25μm工艺参数和最高电压为3V的HSPICE模拟结果验证了所提出综合方法的正确性.
Al/Sb prefabricated multilayer films are prepared on glass substrate by magnetron sputtering, and then annealed in an annealing furnace to obtain AlSb polycrystalline films.	采用磁控溅射法在玻璃衬底上制备Al/Sb预制多层薄膜,然后将Al/Sb预制多层薄膜在退火炉中退火得到AlSb多晶薄膜.
We analyze a few types of current main numerical models for the process capability index (PCI) of non-normal data, and point out the their working range and limitations.	分析了目前几种主要的非正态工序能力指数计算模型,指出其适用范围和不足之处.
Under the same condition, the temperature rise of the Al wiring system is approximately ρAl/ρCu times that of Cu wiring.	在相同条件下,铝布线系统的温升约为铜布线的ρAl/ρCu倍.
To achieve the wide input common-mode range required by the high-side current-sensing amplifier, we studied the input stage of the wide input common-mode range amplifier and proposed an input stage with a wide input common-mode range, which features in low input bias current.	针对高端电流检测放大器输入级对宽输入共模电压范围的要求,对宽输入共模电压范围放大器的输入结构开展了研究,提出了一种宽共模输入范围的输入级结构,特点是具有低输入偏置电流,并能兼顾高低共模电平工作的需要.
The higher the doping level, the slower is the increasing of ohmic contact resistivity with increasing measurement temperature. The Ti/Al/Ni/Au-n-GaN ohmic contact of heavily-doped sample has better high temperature reliability. After the sample was applied a thermal stress at 500°C for 1 hour, its contact resistivity increased irreversibly.	掺杂浓度越高,其接触电阻率随测量温度的升高而增加越缓慢;重掺杂样品的Ti/Al/Ni/Au-n-GaN欧姆接触具有更佳的高温可靠性;当样品被施加500°C, 1h的热应力后,其接触电阻率表现出不可恢复性增加.
By decreasing the thickness of the silicon-on-insulator waveguide layer and the deep etching process of the grating, a grating coupling coefficient up to 30cm-1 is achieved.	通过薄化绝缘体上硅的波导层的厚度和光栅的深腐蚀加工,获得了高达30cm-1的光栅耦合系数.
The circuit is suitable for a cuff electrodes system. It consists of a low-noise preamplifier stage, a main amplifier stage for current-mode instrumentation, a buffer stage, and a constant-transconductance bias stage.	电路适用于卡肤电极系统,包括低噪声前置放大级、由电流模仪表放大器构成的主放大级、输出缓冲级和恒跨导偏置级.
Zinc nitride films have been deposited on silica substrates using radio-frequency magnetron sputtering at different substrate temperatures and different partial pressures of nitrogen.	采用射频磁控溅射法在不同衬底温度和不同氮气分压下在石英玻璃衬底上制备氮化锌薄膜.
Optimizing the compositions of the AlInGaN barrier can reduce the effect of the? polarization electric field and improve the spontaneous emission intensity of the quantum well.	以AlInGaN为垒,优化其中各元素的组分可以减小极化电场的影响,提高量子阱自发发射谱强度.
The results indicate that, (1) with increasing applied voltage, the recombination width decreases and the external quantum efficiency increases; (2) with increasing device thickness, the recombination width increases correspondingly, while the external quantum efficiency shows different tendencies at different voltages; (3) the external quantum efficiency decreases dramatically with increasing recombination current density.	结果表明:(1)随外加电压升高,器件的复合宽度减小,外量子效率增加;(2)随器件厚度的增加,复合宽度相应增加,但外量子效率在不同的电压下呈现不同的变化趋势;(3)外量子效率随复合电流密度的增大而显著降低.
It was shown that the breakdown voltage of this structure was increased by more than 60% as compared to general RESURF LDMOS structures.	分析结果表明,击穿电压较一般RESURF LDMOS结构提高60%以上.
Effects of process tolerance on the performance of silicon based polymer arrayed-waveguide grating (AWG) wavelength division multiplexers are analyzed based on the transmission theory of AWG.	依据阵列波导光栅(AWG)的传输理论,分析了工艺公差对硅基聚合物AWG波分复用器性能的影响.
Its uniqueness lies in a three dimensional air-breathing cathode structure fabricated using KOH bulk silicon etching and double-sided lithography.	其特点在于,利用KOH体硅腐蚀和双面光刻工艺制作了一种独特的三维自吸氧阴极结构.
The Hamaker constant was calculated by using the dispersiveness factor in the new potential function.	利用新提出的势中的色散项,计算了Hamaker常数.
We also studied the influence of the Si substrate doping and annealing processes on NiSi/Si interface.	还研究了硅衬底掺杂和退火过程对NiSi/Si界面的影响.
SOI wafers are fabricated using a direct-bonding wafer technique.	使用直接键合晶圆工艺制作SOI晶圆.
At different temperatures, ZnO thin films were manufactured by deopsition with low-pressure MOCVD system. The effects of oxygen source ionization on the growth and properties of MOCVD ZnO material were investigated.	在不同温度条件下,利用低压金属有机源化学气相沉积(LP-MOCVD)系统制备ZnO薄膜,对在氧源离化和非离化两种状态下生长的ZnO薄膜材料进行了相关的研究比较.
We reported the design of an audio frequency power amplifier with low noise, low power consumption, and adjustable gain.	报道了一款低噪声、低功耗、增益可调的音频功率放大器的设计.
Measurement shows a peak SNDR of 74.4dB and dynamic range over 80dB,	芯片测试效果最高SNDR=74.4dB,动态范围超过80dB,测
We present a method to design and optimize inductor layout configurations.	提出一种设计和优化电感版图结构的方法.
In this paper, we analyze the quasi-static acceleration static balancing condition of the switch, as well as its response to the step-signal. By simulating using CoventorWare, we obtained the transient response of the cantilever switch to various input-signals (step, pulse and half-sinusoidal).	文中分析了这种开关的准静态加速度静力学平衡条件和在阶跃冲击加速度输入情况下的响应特性,并通过CoventorWare软件模拟,得到悬臂梁型开关在各种加速度输入信号(阶跃、脉冲和半正弦)情况下的瞬态响应过程.
It was much less than that of the material grown in other regions of the same substrate.	远小于同一衬底上非微区生长材料的应变弛豫.
In order to reduce the chip area and design complexity, we use a design method of cascaded interconnection among identical subfilters, which is improved furthermore.	为减小芯片面积及设计复杂度,采用一种等同子滤波器级联设计方法,并对其改进.
Finally, we have measured the characteristic impedance and the attenuation constant in the range from 0.1 to 40GHz with a network analyzer and the short-open-load-thru (SOLT) testing technique. The distribution parameters of the coplanar waveguide are obtained by extracting the measured S-parameters.	最后,在0.1~40GHz的范围内利用网络分析仪和SOLT(short-open-load-thru)测试技术测得特征阻抗和衰减常数,共面波导的分布参数则通过提取测试得到的S参数得到.
Based on a sub-transistor shunt connection model, we discovered through experiments and theoretical analog calculation that, in a non-uniform junction temperature distribution, the current density of the high-temperature region is higher than that of the low-temperature region. The ratio of the current density of the high-temperature region to that of the low-temperature region increases with the decrease of the measuring current. This phenomenon is called the excessive thermotaxis effect of low current.	在晶体管子管并联模型的基础上,经过实验和理论模拟计算及验证发现:结温分布不均匀时,高温区的电流密度大于低温区的电流密度;测试电流越小,高温区与低温区电流密度的比值越大,电流越集中在高温区,且集中区域的面积随着测试电流的减小而缩小,这种现象称为小电流过趋热效应.
ZnO nanowires were synthesized without any kind of catalyst on A-plane sapphire (110) substrate by chemical vapor deposition (CVD).	在无催化剂条件下,采用化学气相沉积(CVD)方法在蓝宝石(110)衬底上制备了ZnO纳米线.
Based on test results, we analyzed the circuit characters and proposed means for further improvement.	依据测试结果分析了电路特性并提出改进方法.
Through process simplification and adopting a 6-mask process, we fabricated 125mm QVGA poly-si TFT active matrix panels for OLED.	通过流程简化,采用6块版工艺,研制出125mm QVGA有源选址有机发光显示的多晶硅TFT选址矩阵基板.
Using photoluminescence spectroscopy and X-ray double crystal diffraction, we studied the properties of the ZnO crystal and analyzed the growth thermodynamic process and phenomena.	用光致发光谱和X射线双晶衍射研究了ZnO晶体的性质并对生长的热力学过程和现象进行了分析.
Effects of an electric field on the properties of a weakly-coupled bound polaron in a quantum well are studied using a linear combination operator and unitary transformation method.	采用线性组合算符及幺正变换方法研究了电场对量子阱弱耦合束缚极化子的性质的影响.
In the 5nm thick crystallized sample, a photoluminescence peak within around 660nm can be observed. Preliminary analysis indicates that the photoluminescence can be attributed to the formation of nanometer silicon crystal grains.	在得到的5nm厚晶化样品中观察到在660nm左右范围内光致发光峰,初步的分析表明其发光与纳米硅晶粒的形成有关.
It was revealed that the substrate temperature has a significant effect on the electrical and optical properties of the samples.	结果表明衬底温度对样品的电学和光学性质有很大的影响.
Equivalent oxide thickness (EOT) of HfO2 high-k gate dielectric has been extracted in two steps.	分两步提取了HfO2高k栅介质等效氧化层厚度EOT).
We are the first in China to use the combination of the equivalent oxide thickness of a 1.7nm N/O stack gate dielectric technology together with a W/TiN metal gate electrode technology in the fabrication of metal gate CMOS devices with sub-100nm gate length.	在国内首次将等效氧化层厚度为1.7nm的N/O叠层栅介质技术与W/TiN金属栅电极技术结合起来,用于栅长为亚100nm的金属栅CMOS器件的制备.
The results showed that different models for the wall properties lead to different temperature distributions in the MOCVD wall, where the radioactivity of the wall has the largest effect while the transmittance has the smallest one. At different parts of the reactor, the effect of the wall properties models on the temperature distribution is different.	结果表明,不同的壁面特性模型对MOCVD壁面温度的分布有较大影响,其中壁面发射率的影响最大,而透射率的影响较小;在反应器的不同部位,壁面特性模型对温度分布影响的规律不同.
A new method of multiple point curvature compensation is proposed for the design of band gap reference voltages. Its design principles, theoretical derivation, and a feasible circuitry implementation are presented.	提出了一种对带隙基准电压进行多点曲率补偿的新思路,给出了它的设计原理、推导过程和一种实现电路.
Breakdown voltage (Vbd) and charge to breakdown (Qbd) are two parameters used to evaluate gate-oxide reliability of standard 0.18μm CMOS processes. The two commonly used methods to obtain Vbd and Qbd are voltage ramps and current ramps.	利用击穿电压和击穿电量这两个参数评价标准0.18μm CMOS工艺栅氧的可靠性,获得击穿电压和击穿电量的两个常用方法是电压扫描法和电流扫描法.
Beginning with experimental, testing, and calculation results, we study the surface near-field effect and optical coupling efficiency of the coupling of several diffraction lights in a very long wavelength quantum well infrared photodetector (QWIP), using the finite difference time domain (FDTD) method and traditional mode expansion method (MEM).	从实验、测试和计算结果出发,运用有限时域差分法(FDTD) 和传统的模式扩展(MEM)理论,研究甚长波量子阱红外探测器(QWIP)几种衍射光耦合的表面近场效应和光耦合效率,重点考察QWIP 45.
The results indicated that, as the growth temperature rises, the c-axis lattice constant of ZnO films gradually increases, the a-axis lattice constant gradually decreases, and, simultaneously, the band gap gradually increases accordingly.	结果表明,随着生长温度的升高,ZnO薄膜的c轴晶格常数逐渐增大,a轴晶格常数逐渐变小,同时带隙相应逐渐增大
A two-dimensional etching model based on diffusion equation is established, and the corresponding boundary conditions are given.	建立了基于扩散方程的二维腐蚀模型,并给出相应的边界条件.
Etching experiments show that the EPD is only 8e6cm-2. Both XRD and RBS channeling indicate the high crystal quality of the GaN films. PL results also confirm the high quality of the GaN films. Sharp band-edge emission with a full width at half maximum(FWHM) of 67meV was observed, while the yellow and infrared emissions were also found.	腐蚀试验显示EPD仅8e6cm-2;XRD和RBS/channeling表明GaN膜具有较好的晶体质量;PL结果也证明外延层具有高的质量,出现了尖锐的带边峰,半高宽仅67meV,同时出现了黄带和红外
After a comprehensive consideration of the requirements of both the endurance degradation of the device and the writing efficiency, we have determined that under the hot carrier writing stress mode of VFG≈VD/2, the FLASH memory cell devices provide the condition of an enhanced writing efficiency and the optimal substrate reverse bias for minimum endurance degradation.	综合考虑了器件耐久性退化以及写入效率两方面的要求以后,确定了在VFG≈VD/2热载流子写入应力模式下,FLASH memory单元器件具有增强写入效率以及最小耐久性退化的最佳衬底负偏置条件.
The triple-crystal X-ray diffraction rocking curve of InAlGaN (0002) has a full width at half maximum of 4.8'.	InAlGaN (0002)三晶X射线衍射摇摆曲线的半高宽为4.8′.
Results indicate the wafer defects caused the arising of bonded wafer defects. Defects on the wafer interface can be accurately inspected by infrared light.	结果表明,晶圆的凹陷造成键合晶圆发生缺陷,通过红外光可以准确检验出晶圆界面缺陷.
Experiments show that the amorphization process can enhance the reaction between Ni and Si substrate at low temperatures. Moreover, Ni/Si can directly react to form NiSi at low temperature.	实验发现,非晶化处理可以促进Ni在低温下与衬底Si的反应,而且在低温下Ni/Si可以直接反应形成NiSi.
In addition, the DOS moves towards low energy and the optical band gap is broadened. The wide band gap and the low density of the states in the conduction band result in the transparency of the films.	同时,光学带隙展宽,且向低能方向漂移,可作为优良的透明导电薄膜材料.
Based on the analysis of a GaAs HFET/PHEMT modeling design, on-wafer calibration and testing methods, a charge conservation EEHEMT1 model is proposed.  Through Cold FET measurement technologies, after applying an on-wafer measurement technique and narrow pulse measurement technique, an EEHEMT1 large-signal model of GaAs HFET/PHEMT is proposed. Experiments show that the simulation results of the proposed large-signal model can fit the experimental results well.	在分析GaAs HFET/PHEMT建模设计、在片校准和测试方法的基础上,提出了电荷守恒的EEHEMT1模型,通过Cold FET测量技术,采用在片测试技术,结合窄脉冲测试技术,提出了GaAs HFET/PHEMT器件EEHEMT1大信号模型,实验说明提出的大信号模型模拟结果与实例结果吻合得很好
The phase noise is measured at -117dBc/Hz at 4MHz off the center frequency of 4.189GHz.	其在4.189GHz频点上4MHz频偏处所测得的相位噪声为-117dBc/Hz.
Through an experimental study on reactive ion etching (RIE) and inductive coupled plasma (ICP) RIE of PECVD SiC under different conditions, we proposed RIE using the mixture gas of SF6 and He and discussed the influence of power and pressure on the etching rate respectively.	通过对PECVD SiC进行不同条件下的反应离子刻蚀(RIE)和电感耦合反应离子刻蚀(ICP)实验研究,提出了使用SF6和He的混合气体进行RIE刻蚀,并讨论了功率和压强分别对刻蚀速率的影响.
Using an emission and transmission model based on a heat field emission and continuity equation, we have calculated the influence of the doping concentration and thickness of the inserted n+-InP layer on the conduction band effective barrier height and I-V characteristics of InP/InGaAs/InP DHBT collector junction.	采用基于热场发射和连续性方程的发射透射模型,计算了n+-InP插入层掺杂浓度和厚度对InP/InGaAs/InP DHBT集电结导带有效势垒高度和I-V特性的影响.
At room temperature, the peak current density was 1.06e5A/cm2 and the peak-to-valley current ratio was 7.4. This is the first RTD device based on InP material reported in China.	测得室温下的峰值电流密度为1.06e5A/cm2,峰-谷电流比为7.4,是国内报道的首例InP材料体系RTD器件.
The internally-matched device with two dies achieves an output power Po>42dBm(15.8W), a power gain Gp>7dB, a power added efficiency PAE>35%, and a co-efficiency larger than 90% within the frequency range of f=13.7~14.5GHz at Vds=9V and an input power Pin=35dBm. At a frequency of 14.3GHz, the output power reaches 42.54dBm(17.9W) and gain is 7.54dB.	两管芯合成的内匹配器件,当Vds=9V,输入功率Pin=35dBm时,在f=13.7~14.5GHz频段内,输出功率Po>42dBm(15.8W) ,功率增益Gp>7dB,功率附加效率PAE>35%,两管芯合成效率大于90%,其中在14.3GHz频率点,输出功率达到42.54dBm(17.9W),增益7.54dB.
Testing results showed that, at a frequency of 5GHz, the insertion loss is 0.8dB, the return loss is larger than 20dB, and the separation is 40dB.	测试结果显示,该开关在5GHz处的插入损耗为0.8dB,回波损耗大于20dB,隔离度为40dB.
The study and design of a DC-5GHz single-pole double-throw RF MEMS switch based on lateral metal contact are introduced.	介绍了一种基于横向金属接触的DC-5GHz单刀双掷RF MEMS开关的研究与设计.
We designed a three-transistor active pixel sensor and its double sampling readout circuit implemented by a switch capacitor amplifier.	设计了一个三管有源像素和其用开关电容放大器实现的双采样读出电路.
In the Pl spectra of the two film samples with and without the SiC buffer layer, there are both two spectrum bands of ultraviolet and green. Along with the increase of oxygen partial pressure during heat treatment, similar variations of enhanced green light occur for both samples. But, variation amplitude of the sample with an SiC buffer layer is smaller.	有无SiC过渡层的两种薄膜样品的PL光谱中都存在紫外和绿光两种谱带,随样品热处理时氧气分压增加,两种样品都出现绿光增强的相似的变化规律,但有SiC过渡层的样品的变化幅度较小.
The root mean square jitter of the transmitter output was 4ps.	发送器输出信号均方根抖动为4ps.
X-ray refraction analysis indicated that the film has a hexagonal structure, with the growth direction in c-axis and a good crystalline structure.	X射线衍射分析表明薄膜为六方结构,沿c轴方向生长,结晶性良好.
The simulation results agree with the experimental results, which verifies the effectiveness of the simulation of the model. This model is useful for the simulation of bulk silicon etching and improving the design of MEMS.	模拟结果与实验结果一致,证明了模型的模拟效果,对体硅腐蚀模拟研究和提高MEMS 设计水平具有一定的实用意义.
Then four back contact materials were deposited on the CdTe thin films etched using the vacuum evaporation method. We proposed a back contact technology suitable for industrial production. Furthermore, experimental measurement and theoretical analysis are applied to the CdTe solar cells with two kinds of back contact structures.	随后用真空蒸发法分别沉积了四种背接触层,提出了适宜于工业化生产的背接触技术,并从实验和理论上对两种背接触结构的CdTe太阳电池进行了分析.
We studied the surface and interface of [3,4,9,10-perylenetetracarboxylic dianhydride (PTCDA) /indium-tin-oxide (ITO) using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS).	利用X射线光电子能谱(XPS)对p四甲酸二酐[3,4,9,10-perylenetetracarboxylic dianhydride (PTCDA)]/铟锡氧化物(ITO)表面和界面进行了研究.
We have proposed and designed a broadband low-noise amplifier used in digital TV receiving turner chips.	提出并设计了一种用于数字电视接收调谐芯片的宽带低噪声放大器.
Further development of CMOS integrated circuit technology and the applications of continuously emerging new technologies demand that we continue to improve and enhance compact models for VLSI circuit design and simulation.	CMOS集成电路技术的进一步发展和不断出现的新技术应用要求我们持续地改进和增强VLSI电路设计和模拟的集约模型.
In order to reduce the operating current of C-RAM devices, we prepared W submicrotube heating electrodes with an outer diameter of 260nm using the 0.18μm standard CMOS process, and characterized their electrical properties.	为了降低C-RAM器件的操作电流,利用0.18μm标准CMOS工艺线制备出外径为260nm的W亚微米管加热电极,并对其进行了电学性能的表征.
Among the fabricated samples, the reflection spectra of both magnetic and nonmagnetic materials show complicated peak-valley structures. These structures probably originated from the interface related zero bias anomalies and excited-states related quasi-ion interactions	所制备的样品中,磁性和非磁性材料样品的反射谱都表现出复杂的峰和谷结构,这些结构可能源于与界面相关的零偏压反常以及与激发态相关的准离子相互作用.
X-ray diffraction results revealed that the main component of the film is an MnSb alloy.	X射线衍射分析表明薄膜的主要成分是MnSb合金.
This kind of devices is critical in high-speed low power applications, such as OEIC receivers and analog-to-digital converters.	这种器件对高速低功耗的应用非常关键,例如OEIC接收机以及模拟、数字转换器.
Measurement results show that the In composition in the fabricated InxGa1-xN sample changes along with epitaxial growth temperature. The growth temperature increases from 620℃ to 740℃, the In composition decreases from 0.72 to 0.27.	测量结果显示:所制备的InxGa1-xN样品中In的组分随外延生长温度而改变,生长温度由620°C升高到740°C, In的组分由0.72降低到0.27.
At 725K.	在725
A complete planar structure large area SiGe HBT of 5 cells with 10 emitter fingers was fabricated with simple double-mesa technology.	采用简单的双台面工艺制作了完全平面结构的5个单元、10个发射极指大面积的SiGe HBT.
The results indicate that under the effect of  oxygen atoms, N1s, C1s, O1s and Cu2p have all gone through some chemical shifts. Each inter-atomic interaction has changed accordingly. This is one of the important factors leading to the deterioration of OFET performance.	结果表明,在氧原子的作用下,N1s,C1s,O1s 和Cu2p都经受了一定的化学位移,从而使得各原子间的相互作用强度有所改变,这是导致OFET性能劣化的重要原因之一.
The off-state breakdown voltages of the FB nMOSFETs increase from 5.2 to 6.7V,and those of the H-gate type BC nMOSFETs decrease from 11.9 to 9V as the back channel implantation dosages increase from 1.0e13 to 1.3e13cm-2.	当背栅沟道注入剂量从1.0e13增加到1.3e13cm-2,浮体n型沟道器件关态击穿电压由5.2升高到6.7V,而H型栅体接触n型沟道器件关态击穿电压从11.9降低到9V.
Experiments show that with a normal-incident of a CH3OH gas laser with the frequency 2.54THz, the change of source-drain current induced by THz photons shows that a satellite current peak is generated beside the resonance current peak.	实验表明,2.54THz的CH3OH气体激光垂直入射到单电子晶体管的量子点上,在随栅压变化的源漏共振电流峰附近,产生附加电流峰.
We used a parameter network analyzer to evaluate the test circuit and fixture within the frequency range of 3 to 8GHz.	采用矢量网络分析仪对该测试电路和夹具在3~8GHz范围内进行了小信号测试.
We performed a comparison of the Vbd and Qbd obtained by these two methods.	对用这两种方法得到的击穿电压和击穿电量进行了对比.
According to the integrated sensor's structure, we design the manufacture process.	根据集成传感器的结构,制定了相应的制备工艺步骤.
The process creates abundant C vacancies near the interface and that enhances the defect-assisted tunneling.	这一过程造成接触表面存在由大量C空位形成的缺陷层从而增强了表面间接隧穿.
Experiments show that compared to conventional furnace annealing, RTP is a more rapid and effective way to dissolve oxygen precipitation.	实验发现,RTP是一种快速消融氧沉淀的有效方式,比常规炉退火消融氧沉淀更加显著.
From the view of the transport mechanism of carriers, we have analyzed the factors that influence the current overflow in the active region of GaN-based lasers. We have conducted an optimization of the Al composition and p-type doping level in the AlGaN electron blocking layer.	从载流子输运机制的角度,分析了影响GaN基激光器中有源区电流溢出的因素,对AlGaN电子阻挡层中Al组分和p型掺杂水平进行了优化.
This design can be used in DC-DC digital control chips.	该设计能实际应用于DC-DC数字控制芯片.
The controlling plate and the capacitor plate of the micromachine variable capacitor are separated from each other. The micromachine variable capacitor is fabricated using surface micromachine process, and has a maximum Q value of around 38.462 at 2GHz.	微机械可变电容的控制极板与电容极板分离,并采用表面微机械工艺制造,在2GHz时的Q值最高约为38.462.
The defect characteristic and the distribution of defect density in HgCdTe liquid phase epitaxy materials are revealed by studying the characteristics of etch pits on the (111)B surface of HgCdTe epitaxial material etched by Schaake and Chen etchants.	通过对Schaake和Chen腐蚀剂在HgCdTe外延材料(111)B面腐蚀坑特性的研究,揭示了HgCdTe液相外延材料中的缺陷特征及其密度分布规律.
We have investigated the techniques to grow bulk AlN single crystals by physical vapor transport (PVT) and the properties of the material.	研究了高温升华法(PVT)生长AlN体单晶的技术和材料的性质.
Keeping the growth temperature unchanged and increasing the V/III ratio of the reacting gases from 14000 to 38000, the phenomenon of In surface segregation is also reduced noticeably.	保持生长温度不变而将反应气体的V/III比从14000增加到38000, In的表面分凝现象也明显减弱.
Testing results show that the operation voltage of the structure is 4V lower than that of conventional NAND structured memory cells.	测试结果表明该结构的工作电压比传统NAND结构的存储器单元降低了4V.
This paper presents a novel ultra-deep sub-micron photolithography process modeling flow utilizing the contour of the layout.	提出了一种新颖的利用版图轮廓的超深亚微米光刻工艺建模流程.
Through systematical experimental analysis and theoretical study, we conclude that the deep level electron traps and hole traps in the material play major roles in creating this phenomenon.	通过系统的实验分析和理论研究认为,该现象形成的主要原因是材料中深能级电子陷阱和空穴陷阱共同作用的结果.
Compared to other compensation methods, the technique described in the paper is relatively simple and can be easily implemented.	与其他补偿方案相比,文中提出的方案相对简单和易于实现.
We have presented a 2.4GHz low power ASK transmitter used in wireless endoscopy systems.	提出了一种应用于无线内窥镜系统的2.4GHz低功耗ASK发射机.
It has been found that by cutting large size SiC crystal using a diamond wire saw, wafers with low warp and low surface roughness can be obtained. Chemical mechanical polishing can be used to effectively remove the scratches at the SiC surface and the damage layer caused by rubbing. The roughness of the processed SiC wafer can be smaller than 1nm.	研究发现利用金刚石线锯切割大尺寸SiC晶体,可以得到低翘曲度、低表面粗糙度的晶片;采用化学机械抛光法,可以有效地去除SiC表面的划痕和研磨引入的加工变质层,加工后的SiC晶片粗糙度可小于1nm.
From Raman spectra measurements we further find that compared with ZnO bulk single crystal, the E2 (high) peak of the ZnO film grown directly on Si has a red shift of 1.9cm-1. According to the relationship between Ramon peak displacement and stress, we can conclude that there is a tensile stress of 0.4GPa in the film; and the E2 (high) peak’s red shift of 0.9cm-1 of the ZnO film grown on Si through the SiC buffer layer is corresponding to a tensile stress of 0.2GPa.	进一步通过喇曼谱测量发现,与ZnO体单晶相比,直接在Si上生长的ZnO薄膜的E2(high)峰红移1.9cm<sup>-1</sup>,根据喇曼谱峰位移与应力的关系可以推出薄膜中存在0.4GPa的张应力;而通过SiC过渡层在Si上生长的ZnO薄膜的E2(high)峰红移0.9<sup>-1</sup>,对应着0.2GPa的张应力.
We examine the current redistributions of an inductor through electromagnetic theory. We conclude that metal with a small cross-section has a weak skin effect and that inductors with a smaller ratio of the turn width to the space between turns have a weak proximity effect.	从电磁理论出发解释了片上电感电流分配的原因,得出小横界面积金属的趋肤效应弱,大的金属线宽和相邻金属间距比的偶耦合临近效应小的结论.
A rail-to-rail output stage helps to use the coupled power efficiently.	采用满摆幅输出级提高
We achieved the blue-shift of MQW bandgap wavelength by injecting low energy helium ion implantation into Multiple Quantum Wells (MQW) under proper condition of rapid annealing.	提出了采用低能氦离子注入多量子阱(MQW)材料和合适的快速退火条件,实现了MQW带隙波长的蓝移.
Experimental results indicate that a relatively high etching rate can be obtained using Cl2/He to etch GaN material, with a rate of up to 420nm/min.	实验结果表明,用Cl2/He气体刻蚀GaN材料可以获得较高的刻蚀速率,最高可达420nm/min.
Based on the principles of microwave circuits and semiconductor physics, we designed and simulated test circuits for microwave power devices and the test fixture.	在微波电路原理和半导体器件物理的基础上,设计和模拟了两种用于微波功率器件的测试电路,并且设计了与之配套的测试夹具.
Along with the increase of N content, E0+Δ0 and E+ energy levels shift to the directions of low energy and high energy respectively, and intersect at a nitrogen content of 0.16%.	随着N组分的增加,E0+Δ0和E+能级分别向低能和高能方向移动并在N组分为0.16%时发生交错.
The circuit was fabricated in SMIC. The test results showed the realization of all expected functions. The (root mean square) jitter of the transmitted data was less than 53ps, the bit error rate of the received data was less than 1e-12, the power supply voltage was 1.2V, the power consumption was 42.5mW, and the area of the chip was 900μm×700μm.	电路在SMIC流片后经测试,结果表明预期功能均得以实现,发送数据抖动(方均根)小于53ps,接收误码率小于1e-12,电源电压为1.2V,功耗为42.5mW,芯片面积为900μm×700μm.
The effect of background radiation on the performance of an HgCdTe medium wave laminated photoconductive device has been studied and two experiment schemes of changing the background radiation, i.e., using cool diaphragm and using blackbodies of different temperatures to irradiate the devices, were designed.	研究了HgCdTe中波叠层光导器件在不同背景辐射条件下的性能变化,设计了增加冷光栏和使用不同温度的黑体对器件进行辐照的两种改变背景辐射的实验方案.
This study can be used to guide the selection of protection atmosphere for the internal gettering process in the fabrication of integrated circuits.	此研究对集成电路生产中内吸杂工艺的保护气氛的选择有指导意义.
Through calculating and contrasting the sensitive region and the inefficient region, we have performed detailed calculations on the several current parameters of the device. We have calculated the efficiency of collecting photoelectrons generated in the device for the marker spectra of two target materials. We have also calculated and analyzed the spectral responsivity of the device. Simultaneously, we have performed a detailed discussion on the selection of the window materials for the device. Finally, we describe the experimental verification conducted for the device. Through simulating defects on the metal mouldboard,	通过对敏感区和无效区的计算和对比,对器件的几个电流参数进行了详细的计算;对两种靶材的标识谱在器件内产生的光电子的收集效率做了计算,对器件的光谱响应度也作了计算和分析;同时对器件窗口材料的选择进行了详细讨论;最后叙述对器件进行的实验验证,通过对金属模板上模拟缺陷的
The maximum power gain is measured at 8.75dB, and the maximum output power is 33.2dBm.	实验测得最大功率增益为8.75dB,最大输出功率为33.2dBm.
Based on a novel oscillating mechanism, a 25MHz RTD/MOSFET high-frequency oscillating circuit is achieved for the first time by combining a resonant tunneling diode (RTD) characterized by intrinsic negative differential resistance and bi-stability with a MOSFET.	基于一种新型的振荡机制,利用共振隧穿二极管(RTD)固有的负阻和双稳特性,与MOSFET器件相结合,首次实现了工作频率约为25MHz的 RTD/MOSFET高频振荡电路.
Under appropriate boundary conditions, the squeeze-film damping pressure distribution, damping force, and damping force coefficient of the slotted plates can be solved by the equation.	在适当的边界条件下,利用此方程可以求解槽板压膜阻尼的压强分布、阻尼力和阻尼力系数.
We propose a theoretical model describing mechanisms of heat transfer in the mesoporous silicon (meso-PS) layer based on the effective medium theory. The influencing factors of effective thermal conductivity (ETC) of meso-PS, including the porosity of meso-PS, the heat capacity of silicon at constant volume, and the phonon mean free path of silicon were analyzed theoretically, and a calculation formula of thermal conductivity of meso-PS was given.	提出了一个基于有效介质理论分析介孔硅层传热机理的理论模型,对影响介孔硅有效热导率的因素包括孔隙率、硅的恒容热容和硅的声子平均自由程进行了理论分析,得出用于计算介孔硅有效热导率的计算公式.
The sensor has been optimized using a finite element analysis software, Ansys.	基于有限元分析软件Ansys对该传感器结构进行了优化设计.
In this paper, CdTe thin films were etched with a mixture of nitric-phosphoric acid (NP). A dilute solution of bromine in methanol (BM) was also applied to CdTe thin films for comparison. The effects of NP acid and BM pretreatments on the material properties were investigated.	文中采用磷硝酸腐蚀CdTe薄膜,并用溴甲醇腐蚀作为对照实验,研究了两种腐蚀对材料性质的影响.
We fit the satellite peaks in the rocking curve by two Lorentz lineshapes, which originate from the wetting layer region and the island region.	衍射的卫星峰可以被分解为两个洛仑兹峰,它们分别源于材料的浸润层区和纳米岛区.
According to the simulation results, when the process parameter in the fabrication process, the operating voltage, or the operating temperature changes, this method can reduce the standard deviation of the transconductance of MOS transistors by 41.4% as compared to those without compensation.	当电路制造过程中的工艺参数、工作电压或工作温度发生变化时,根据仿真结果,该方法可以使MOS晶体管跨导的标准差比未经补偿的电路降低41.4%.
This voltage source does not use any diodes or parasitic triodes. Model parameter simulation and fabrication are carried out using the SMIC 0.18μm digital analog mixed technology	该电压源没有采用二极管和寄生三极管,并用SMIC 0.18μm数模混合工艺模型参数仿真并制造.
Test results show that the damage introduced by etching is minimal when the ICP power is 750W, and the thickness of the etch damage layer is less than 25nm.	从实验结果可以看出,当ICP功率为750W时,刻蚀引入的损伤最小,刻蚀引起的损伤层厚度最大为25nm.
This chip features low power consumption and large dynamic range.	芯片具有低功耗、高动态范围的特点.
Compared to an HBT with a two-finger emitter, we proved that this device has good process tolerance, good reliability, high yield, and good uniformity. In addition, it maintains two-finger emitter HBT’s superior breakdown voltage, and DC and high-frequency properties.	通过与同一版上两指发射极HBT比较,证实了该设计的工艺宽容度高、可靠性和一致性好、成品率高,并且仍然具有两指发射极HBT良好的击穿、直流和高频特性.
This paper introduces a radiation hardened 128kb static random access memory fabricated in the partial-depletion silicon-on-insulator (PD SOI) substrate.	介绍在部分耗尽绝缘体上硅(PD SOI)衬底上形成的抗辐射128kb静态随机存储器.
The molecular-beam epitaxially grown HgCdTe material was incorporated into the development of infrared focal plane detectors and preliminary results are presented in the paper.	采用分子束外延生长的HgCdTe材料已用于红外焦平面探测器件的研制,文中报道了一些初步结果.
The device has an actuation voltage of 12V, which basically matches the ANSYS simulation result of 11V; the device’s degree of isolation, within the range of 0.05~10GHz, from both experimental measurement and HFSS simulation, are basically consistent, both being better than -20dB; the device insertion loss is less than -0.2dB from the HFSS simulation and less than -0.9dB from the experimental measurement. It is higher because the cantilever’s uneven surface leads to the increase of contact resistance and introduces contact impedance to the measurement.	器件的驱动电压为12V,与ANSYS模拟结果11V基本相符;器件的隔离度,在0.05~10GHz的范围内,实验测试与HFSS模拟的结果基本一致,都优于-20dB;器件的插入损耗,HFSS模拟小于-0.2dB,而实验测试小于-0.9dB,偏高是由于悬臂梁表面不平,导致接触电阻增大,在测试中引入接触阻抗所致.
Experimental results indicate that the fall time of the TF SOI CMOS inverter which is combined with EM NMOST and AM PMOST increases slightly as the temperature rises, which is very suitable for high temperature applications.	实验结果表明,EM NMOST和AM PMOST组合的TF SOI CMOS非门的下降时间随温度升高稍有增加,非常适合于高温应用.
The experiment results show that oxygen precipitation and induced defects can effectively getter nickel after the magic denuded zone (MDZ) forms. However, MDZ cannot be formed during the subsequent rapid thermal processing in the silicon once contaminated by nickel. A large amount of precipitation occurs near the surface of the silicon wafer.	实验结果发现:硅中魔幻洁净区(MDZ)形成后,氧沉淀及其诱生缺陷能有效地吸杂金属镍;而沾污金属镍的硅中,随后的快速热处理工艺不能形成MDZ,硅片近表面出现大量沉淀.
The chip is implemented in SMIC 0.18μm CMOS technology, and the area is 1.2mm×1.8mm.	芯片采用SMIC 0.18μm工艺进行流片,面积为1.2mm×1.8mm.
The calculation results show that the conductivity of the system is related to the doping density. Due to electrons in SrTiO3 introduced by Sb doping, the Fermi level moves into the conduction bands.	计算结果表明:体系的导电性与掺杂浓度有关,Sb掺杂在母体化合物SrTiO3中引入了大量的传导电子,费米能级进入导带.
We prepared a series of μc-Si:H thin films with different thicknesses by using the HW-MWECR CVD system, and treating the surface of the stacking layer grown layer-by-layer using hydrogen plasma.	利用HW-MWECR CVD系统,用氢等离子体处理间隙生长堆积层表面技术,制备了一系列不同厚度的μc-Si:H薄膜.
Based on analysis on equivalent circuits biased at zero and linear regions, a new method was developed to extract RF-MOSFET parasitic parameters analytically.	在对晶体管零偏和线性工作态下等效电路进行分析的基础上,开发出新的解析提取RF-MOSFET器件射频寄生参数的算法.
Based on electric polarization’s dependence on its strain in III-V-nitride devices, we investigated GaN/AlN quantum dot structures’ spontaneous polarization, piezoelectric polarization and polarization charge density by using finite element method to calculate the strain distribution in the structure.	从III-V族氮化物半导体压电极化对应变的依赖关系出发,采用有限元方法计算了GaN/AlN量子点结构中的应变分布,研究了其自发极化、压电极化以及极化电荷密度.
The HCl carrier flow rate greatly affects the pre-reactions.	HCl的载气流量对预反应有很大的影响.
We discovered that when the film thickness was less than 0.55μm, the sample had relatively typical features of amorphous silicon with extensive degradation in photo-conductance, when the film thickness was between 0.60~0.70μm, the sample had both properties of amorphous silicon and microcrystalline silicon with relatively little degradation in photoconductance, while when the thickness was above 0.80μm, the film apparently showed the properties of microcrystalline silicon with very little degradation in photoconductance. After a simulative illumination of 53.5 hours, there was almost no change in the photoconductance of the film.	发现,当薄膜厚度在0.55μm以下时,样品具有较为典型的非晶硅特征,光电导衰退率很大;当薄膜厚度为0.60~0.70μm之间时,样品兼备非晶和微晶的特点,在这一厚度范围内,光电导随薄膜厚度变化非常敏感,光电导衰退率较小;当薄膜厚度为0.80μm以上时,薄膜表现为明显的微晶硅性质,其光电导衰退率很小,通过模拟光照53.5h,其光电导几乎不变化.
GaN film with mixed polarities has been grown on the (0001) plane of a sapphire substrate using molecular beam epitaxy (MBE). Since the characteristic of etching in strong base is different for GaN films with different polarities, we obtained a layer of porous GaN by etching the sample with mixed polarities.	使用分子束外延(MBE)技术在(0001)面蓝宝石衬底上生长混合极性的氮化镓(GaN)薄膜,利用不同极性面的GaN薄膜在强碱溶液中腐蚀特性的差异,混和极性样品经腐蚀处理后,得到了一层具有多孔结构的GaN层.
Using an atomic force microscope, we have studied the influence of the pre-oxidation cleaning technique on the micro-roughness of the post-cleaning silicon surfaces. Furthermore, by building a molecular model and an oxide layer model for the surface oxidation process, we perform the corresponding mechanism analyses.	利用原子力显微镜研究了预氧化清洗工艺对清洗后的硅片表面微粗糙的影响,并通过建立表面氧化过程的分子模型和氧化层模型来进行相应的机理分析.
According to the properties of a single chip integrated TFT-LCD driving circuit, a two-stage driving buffer circuit of a one-chip TFT-LCD driver IC is proposed in the Gamma correction circuit in the γ-correction circuit. Other efficient methods to improve the driving ability are also adopted.	针对单芯片集成的TFT-LCD驱动芯片的特性,提出了在γ校正电路中加入两级驱动Buffer的驱动电路结构,以及提高其驱动能力的有效措施.
The extraction results are verified by ADS software. The DC I-V curves and S parameters simulated by ADS are basically accordant with those of the test results.	利用ADS软件验证了提参结果,ADS仿真的直流I-V曲线和S参数与实测结果基本吻合.
From the X-ray diffraction patterns we can see, because of the reduction of lattice mismatch between ZnO and Si by the SiC buffer layer, the crystal quality of the ZnO film grown on Si through a SiC buffer layer, is better than the quality of the ZnO film grown directly on Si.	由X射线衍射图形可以看出,由于SiC过渡层缓解了ZnO与Si之间的晶格失配,使得通过SiC过渡层在Si上生长的ZnO薄膜的结晶质量好于直接在Si上生长的ZnO薄膜的质量.
There are two index-modulation regions in the multimode interference region. The two index-modulation regions may be used to output the input optical signals from the two input ports to the three output ports separately.	在多模干涉区,设有两个折射率调制区,可以利用来把从两个输入端口输入的光信号分别从三个输出端口输出.
We conclude that the heat annealing crystallization of the sputtered SiGe films may be a grain growth controlled process.	推断出溅射SiGe薄膜的热退火结晶可能是晶粒生长控制过程.
A powder X-ray diffractometer and transmission electron microscope were used to measure the crystal quality, crystal structure, grain size, surface topography, and distribution of grain sizes. A photoluminescence (PL) spectrometer and ultraviolet visible spectrophotometer were used to analyze the optical properties.	利用粉末X射线衍射仪及透射电子显微镜测量了量子点的结晶性、晶格结构、晶粒尺寸、表面形貌以及晶粒尺寸分布,利用光致发光(PL)光谱仪和紫外可见分光光度计分析了其光学性质.
Testing results on the MEMS VCO show that, at a frequency of 100kHz away from the carrier frequency of 2.007GHz, the single-side band phase-noise is -107.5dBc/Hz and the output power is -13.67dBm.	MEMS VCO的测试结果表明,偏离2.007GHz的载波频率100kHz处的单边带相位噪声为-107.5dBc/Hz,输出功率为-13.67dBm.
By combining the measurement results of deep level defects and electrical properties, we demonstrated that the electrical properties, thermal stability, and uniformity of semi-insulating single crystal InP closely relates to the content of some deep level defects.	综合深能级缺陷和电学性质的测试结果,证明了半绝缘InP单晶材料的电学性能、热稳定性、均匀性等性能与材料中一些深能级缺陷的含量密切相关.
The device shows good DC and high frequency performance. The maximum DC current gain β is 214. BVCEO is 9V. And the BVCBO is 16V when the collector thickness is 400nm and the collector doping concentration is 1×1e17cm-3.	器件表现出了良好的直流和高频特性,最大电流增益β为214.BVCEO为9V,集电极掺杂浓度为1e17cm-3,厚度为400nm时,BVCBO为16V.
This paper introduces the mechanical-electrical coupling experiment on the quantum well under the (110) and (110) uniaxial stress, by which the I-V curve of the quantum well under different stresses at room temperature were obtained.	介绍了量子阱薄膜在(110)与(110)方向单轴压应力作用下的力电耦合实验,测试出量子阱薄膜在室温下随着外加压力变化的I-V曲线.
We did experiments on and a theoretical analysis of Amplified Spontaneous Emission (ASE) amplified by Semiconductor Optical Amplifier (SOA). We also analyzed the effect of facet reflectivity on the bandwidth and flatness of the ASE spectrum.	对半导体光放大器(SOA)放大的自发发射(ASE)谱进行了实验和理论研究,并且分析了SOA端面反射率对ASE谱的谱宽以及平坦度的影响.
Using a linear combination operator and modified LLP variational method, we study the ground state of an infinite quantum well sitting in the magnetic field, within which electrons strongly couple with interfacial optical phonons but weakly couple with bulk longitudinal optical phonons. The dependences of the oscillation frequency and self-trapping energy of magnetopolarons on the width of the quantum well and the magnetic field are obtained.	采用线性组合算符和改进的LLP变分法,研究了磁场中无限势垒量子阱内电子与界面光学声子强耦合、与体纵光学声子弱耦合系统的基态,得到了磁极化子的振动频率和自陷能随量子阱宽和磁场变化的规律.
Results indicate that, when kIL=2 and kIH=3.9, the thickness of the drift region is 2μm.	结果表明,对kIL=2,kIH=3.9,漂移区厚2
The results show that this technique can effectively reduce defects present in polycrystalline SiGe(1-x)Ge(x) thin film.	结果表明,采用此技术可有效减少多晶硅锗薄膜中的缺陷态.
With the increase of the magnetic field, the electron tunneling current between adjacent ground states of quantum wells increased.	随着磁场的增加,相邻量子阱基态间的隧穿电流增加.
By measuring the current-voltage (I-V) property of the diode at room temperature, we found that the rectification coefficient can reach 1E4.	通过在室温条件下对该二极管的电流-电压(I-V) 特性的测试发现,其整流系数可达1E4.
The results show that the PMMA thickness, electron beam exposure dose, developing time, and fixation time play key roles in the quality of a PMMA etching mask.	结果表明,胶的厚度、曝光剂量、显影/定影时间等参数对图形的质量有重要影响.
This paper presents the research and fabrication of InP-based AlAs/In0.53Ga0.47As double barrier single well resonant tunneling diode (RTD) devices.	报道了InP衬底AlAs/In0.53Ga0.47As/AlAs两垒一阱结构共振隧穿二极管(RTD)器件的研制.
The small signal gain can be adjusted from 44 to 74dB by tuning an off-chip resistor Rset.	通过调整片外电阻Rset,小信号增益在44~74dB范围内可调.
Oxygen impurities causes strong yellow emissions in the photoluminescence (PL) spectrum.	光致发光(PL)谱中氧杂质引起强黄光发射.
The IC can be used for stimulating animals' spinal nerve bundles and other nerves connected with a cuff type electrode.	该电路适用于以卡肤电极作为激励电极的可植入式神经信号桥接系统,可以用来激励脊椎动物的脊髓神经或其他神经束.
This attenuator is implemented by a standard 0.5μm ion-implantation process.	该衰减器通过标准0.5μm离子注入工艺实现.
By fitting the data of variable temperature Hall experiments, we preliminarily analyzed the multiple scattering mechanisms in the InGaN samples and their variations before and after thermal annealing.	通过对变温霍尔实验数据的拟合,初步分析了退火前后InGaN样品中的多种散射机制以及它们的变化情况.
In this paper, we presented a method to reduce the slope compensation effect on the maximum inductor current. As a result, the inductor current can reach a high value even if the duty cycle is high and the load capacity is improved.	文中提出的方法减小了斜坡补偿对最大电感电流的影响,从而在大占空比时电感电流仍旧可以保持较大的峰值,提高了芯片的带载能力.
The module adopts a parallel optical communication protocol to implement high-speed transmission with mid-high speed optoelectronic devices.	该模块采用并行光通信方案,利用中高速光电子器件实现信号的高速传输.
The circuit has an operating voltage of 2.5V/±1.25V, and the power consumption is 180μW.	电路工作于2.5V/±1.25V,功耗180μW.
The paper proposed a HBT design that employs a three-finger emitter.	本文提出了一种三指发射极HBT的设计.
Using technologies such as a U-shaped emitter configuration, selective wet etching, LEU and an air-bridge, we successfully fabricated a U-shaped emitter -- a device with a dimension of 2μm×12μm.	采用了U型发射极图形结构、选择性湿法腐蚀、LEU以及空气桥等技术,成功制作了U型发射极尺寸为2μm×12μm的器件.
It is showed that the polaronic effect apparently reduces the binding energy of the impurity. The pressure weakens the polaronic effect but the screening does not have observable influence on the polaronic effect.	结果表明,极化子效应使杂质态结合能明显降低,但压力使极化子效应减弱,屏蔽对极化子效应的影响不明显.
After RTP dissolution treatment, the density of bulk micro-defects (BMDs) increases remarkably during the subsequent anneal for the re-growth of oxygen precipitation, and the BMDs’ average size increases slightly. But after dissolution treatment by conventional furnace annealing, the density of BMDs doesn’t change much during the subsequent annealing for the re-growth of oxygen precipitation while their size increases considerably.	硅片经RTP消融处理后,在氧沉淀再生长退火过程中,硅中体微缺陷(BMD)的密度显著增加,BMD的平均尺寸略有增加;而经过常规炉退火消融处理后,在后续退火过程中,BMD的密度变化不大,但BMD的尺寸明显增大.
Test results show that the module has a receiving power of up to 30Gbit/s.	测试结果表明模块的接收能力可以达到30Gbit/s.
By solving two-dimensional Poisson's equations, analytical models of surface potential and threshold voltage for the full depleted condition of the novel SOI MOSFET are developed. Its characteristic improvement is also investigated.	通过求解二维电势Poisson方程,为新结构器件建立了全耗尽条件下表面势和阈值电压解析模型,并对其性能改进情况进行了研究.
Results indicate that the impact ionization effect can increase the conversion efficiency of the cells, but with a finite increment.	结果表明碰撞离化效应可以提高电池的转换效率,但提高幅度有限.
Only (100) and (110) diffraction peaks of ZnO were found on the X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns of the samples.	X射线衍射(XRD)图谱上只有ZnO的(100)衍射峰和(110)衍射峰.
With an irradiation of a light beam with a photon energy close to the energy band edge, the barrier height in the GaN Schottky barrier ultra-violet detector decreases significantly, which phenomenon is … at the Schottky transparent electrode	光子能量在禁带边沿附近的光束照射下,GaN肖特基势垒紫外探测器存在势垒高度显著降低现象,这种现象在肖特基透明电极
By testing the variation of threshold current and exterior derivative quantum efficiency of AlGaInP high power compression strain quantum well lasers along with temperature, we estimated the effective potential barrier height of the active region electrons in the paper, which is further compared with the theoretical simulation result. We discussed the influence of the distribution of doping concentration in the p-cladding layer on the potential barrier height.	本文通过测试AlGaInP大功率压应变量子阱激光器的阈值电流和外微分量子效率随温度的变化,拟合出有源区电子的有效势垒高度,并与理论模拟结果进行了比较,讨论了p型限制层掺杂浓度的分布对势垒高度的影响.
The nonlinear effect of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers (VCSELs) is analyzed using the Volterra transfer function in analog modulation. The effects of modulation frequency, the spontaneous emission factor, and the spontaneous emission lifetime on the third harmonic and third-order intermodulation distortions are investigated.	采用速率方程与Volterra变换方法,分析了垂直腔面发射激光器在微波模拟调制情况下,频率、自发辐射因子以及自发辐射寿命对三阶谐波和三阶互调失真的影响.
We analyzed the improvement of MEMS fabrication technology.	分析了MEMS制作工艺的改进.
When the injection current in the ridge waveguide section was larger than 150mA, the maximum output power of the device reached 4.28W and approached saturation, which was comparable to that of the 980nm tapered laser diodes with shared electrode. The beam quality factor decreased from 3.79 to 2.45 (at an output power of 1W).	随着脊形波导区的电流逐渐超过150mA以后,器件的最大输出功率逐渐达到4.28W,与电极共用的980nm锥形激光器相同并趋于饱和,光束质量因子从3.79降到2.45(输出功率为1W) .
High efficiency output of a violet LED is obtained by increasing the growth temperature of InGaN quantum wells, reducing the intermingling efficiency of the In content, and improving the quality of InGaN/GaN.	通过提高InGaN量子阱结构的生长温度,降低量子阱In组分的掺入效率,提高InGaN/GaN量子阱结构生长质量,缩短LED输出波长等手段,实现了紫光LED高效率输出.
The Raman characteristic peak of quantum dots was observed in a frequency range higher than the LO mode of bulk InAs material. It is found that strain is the main factor affecting the QD phonon frequency.	在高于InAs体材料LO模的频率范围内观察到了量子点的喇曼特征峰,分析表明应变效应是影响QD声子频率的主要因素.
The study results indicate that at high temperature the 2DEG mobility is primarily limited by LO phonon scattering. At room temperature, the uneven piezoelectric polarization field on the hetero-interface is also a major scattering mechanism for the 2DEC mobility scattering.	研究结果表明:在高温段2DEG的迁移率主要受LO声子散射限制;在室温,异质界面处的非均匀压电极化场对2DEG迁移率的散射也是一个主要的散射机制.
The optical nonlinear property of Al-doped nano Si-SiO2 composite film has been studied using a time-resolved four-wave-mixing method with a Ti:sapphire femtosecond laser.	采用时间分辨四波混频方法,用钛宝石飞秒激光器测量了掺Al的纳米Si-SiO2复合薄膜的光学非线性特性.
Combining simulations with experiments, the idealized thermal field can be achieved by adjusting the position of the crucible in the system and optimizing the crucible design.	通过模拟计算与具体实验相结合的方法,调整坩埚在系统中的位置及优化坩埚设计可以得到理想温场.
The result shows that an improper antireflection coating significantly narrows the bandwidth of the ASE spectrum. Based on adopting an active region with a wide material gain spectrum, an optimal antireflection coating helps to realize an SOA-based incoherent optical source with a high bandwidth and good flatness.	结果表明,不恰当的抗反膜会严重减小输出光谱的带宽;而在采用具有宽带材料增益谱的有源区基础上,结合抗反膜的优化设计,则可以获得既宽又平坦的非相干光源.
This method is suitable for an over-sampling D/A converter	该方法适合于过采样数模转换器.
After a high-field stress of 3E4s 40V, the saturation drain current of the sapphire substrate AlGaN/GaN HEMT decreases by 5.2%, and the transconductance decreases by 7.6%.	经过3E4s 40V高场应力后,蓝宝石衬底 AlGaN/GaN HEMT饱和漏电流下降5.2%,跨导下降7.6%.
Using the ISE DESSIS device simulator, we simulated the device properties of a nanoscale MOSFET device with the presence of stress in the channel. We analyzed the influence of the change of the stress magnitude and direction on device properties such as threshold voltage and sub-threshold characteristics.	利用ISE DESSIS器件模拟工具,模拟了纳米尺度的MOSFETs器件沟道中存在应力时的器件特性,分析了应力大小和方向发生变化对MOSFET的阈值电压、亚阈特性等器件特性的影响.
Compared to conventional structures, SOI MOSFETs with RSB exhibits excellent subthreshold slope and high drivability.	反偏肖特基势垒SOI DTMOS结构相比于传统模式,显示出优秀的亚阈值特性和电流驱动能力.
This design employs a T-configuration variable attenuator, a low noise amplifier with single-to-differential function, and a low noise mixer.	设计采用了T型匹配网络的可变衰减器、具有单端到双端变换功能的低噪声放大器以及低噪声混频器.
We measured the current-voltage properties of unintentionally doped n-type cubic boron nitride (cBN) crystal sandwiched between two metallic electrodes, and they are nonlinear curves.	测量了夹在两个金属电极间的非故意掺杂的n型立方氮化硼(cBN)晶体的伏安特性,它们为非线性曲线.
The obtained sample was characterized using an atomic force microscope, a transmission electron microscope, and Raman scattering spectroscopy. The characterization confirms the occurrence of the crystallization process and the formation of nanometer silicon crystal grains.	所得样品通过原子力显微镜、透射电子显微镜和Raman散射谱进行表征,证实了晶化过程的发生和纳米硅晶粒的形成.
The analysis of secondary ion mass spectroscopy reveals that in the Al/a-C: F/Si structure, F and C diffuses into Al fairly easily, but in Al/SiCOF/a-C∶F/Si structure, no diffusion of C was found which shows that SiCOF acts as a barrier against the diffusion of C.	二次离子质谱分析表明在Al/a-C∶F/Si结构中F和C很容易扩散到Al中,但在Al/SiCOF/a-C∶F/Si结构中,则没有发现C的扩散,说明SiCOF充当了C扩散的阻挡层.
The change of stress relaxation temperature affects the final value of stress at room temperature.	应力驰豫温度的变化影响了最终室温时的应力值.
The I-V curves of the RTD have been obtained by carrying out DC measurements. The effects of the width of the quantum well and the thickness of the cap layer on the I-V characteristic is analyzed.	进行直流参数测试,得到RTD的I-V特性曲线,对量子阱宽度和帽层厚度对I-V特性的影响进行了分析.
Hall effect and optical transmission spectra were also used to measure the electrical and optical properties of the samples.	利用霍尔效应和光学透过谱测量了样品的电学和光学性质.
When a layer of ZnO is deposited on the surface of SnO2 film, even the thickness of ZnO film is 50nm, the reduction effect of H atoms on SnO2 can be effectively suppressed. Micro-crystalline silicone thin film solar cell with a conversion efficiency of 3.8% was fabricated on the SnO2/ZnO double-layer film.	当在SnO2薄膜表面沉积一层ZnO时,既使ZnO膜的厚度为50nm,也可有效地抑制H原子对SnO2的还原效应,并在SnO2/ZnO双层膜上制备了转换效率为3.8%的微晶硅薄膜太阳电池.
In addition, we have designed the inspection functions such as low-voltage diagnosis and load voltage.	另外,设计了低压诊断、负载电压等检测功能.
The electrons that tunnel to the semiconductor surface can accumulate on the surface near the gate, resulting in the extension of the depletion region and the collapse of the current.	隧穿的电子在表面累积,导致畔潞木∏的电子向漏端延伸,从而引起漏极电流的下降.
By photoconductivity spectroscopy, the band gap of InAlGaN is measured to be 3.76eV.	利用光电导谱测量InAlGaN的带隙为3.76eV.
The chip operates at a 3.3V power supply, it’s fabricated by a 0.35μm CMOS process, and it dissipates 1.3W at typical operating frequency. The device is encapsulated in an 80-pin QFP. The active area (including PADs) before packaging is 14mmx20mm.	该芯片采用3.3V电源电压、0.35μm CMOS工艺生产制造;在典型工作频率下最大功耗为1.3W, 80-pin的QFP封装,封装前裸芯片(包括PAD在内)的尺寸为14mm×20mm.
ANSYS has been used to simulate and optimize the testing structure. For a film of 30nm thick, the resolution for the stress measurement is 1.5MPa, which is superior to those already reported.	使用ANSYS对测试结构进行了模拟和优化,对于30nm厚的薄膜,应力检测的分辨率为1.5MPa,优于目前国际上的相关报道.
We fabricated an Al0.6Ga0.4As/AlAs coupled DBR LED. Without packaging, it has 2.3mW output optical power, 12lm/W luminous efficiency, and 5.6% external quantum efficiency, which is a 35% improvement over that of a conventional DBR.	制备了采用Al0.6Ga0.4As/AlAs复合DBR的LED器件,未封装输出光功率为2.3mW, 外量子效率为5.6%,发光效率可达12 lm/W,比常规DBR器件提高了35%.
Hall coefficient RH is positive. The CeyFexCo4-xSb12 compounds present a p-type conduction.	霍尔系数RH为正值,CeyFexCo4-xSb12化合物表现p型传导.
We considered the electron traps at different spatial positions in the device separately, analyzed the corresponding behaviors in the stress and the transient states, and compared and explained the similarities and differences of simulation curves and measurement results.	分别考虑了在器件中不同空间位置的电子陷阱,分析了应力和瞬态中相应的陷阱行为,对比和解释了仿真曲线与测量结果的异同.
We discovered that the effect of the NPB doping level on the composite hole transportation layer and the opto-electric property of the device is very significant.	研究发现,不同的NPB掺杂浓度对复合空穴传输层以及器件的光电特性具有显著影响.
The results show that the combination technology can completely eliminate the B- penetration phenomenon and polycrystal silicon depletion effects, effectively reducing gate tunneling leakage and improving device reliability.	结果表明,这种结合技术可以完全消除B穿透现象和多晶硅耗尽效应,有效地降低栅隧穿漏电并提高器件可靠性.
Single crystalline silicon large-scale self-test pressure sensor based on the phase change thermal actuation method has been developed, which has a silicon-glass-silicon tri-layer structure and is fabricated by static electric bonding and thermal bonding techniques.	基于相变热驱动法研制了一种单晶硅大量程自检测压力传感器,传感器为硅-玻璃-硅三层结构,通过静电键合与热键合技术制备.
The Transport process, kinetics, and growth mechanism during ZnO single crystal growth using the chemical vapor transport (CVT) method has been studied. The transport mechanism and the efficiency of the CVT method, as well as the effect of the temperature field on the transport rate and the crystal growth are also analyzed.	研究了化学气相传输法(CVT)生长ZnO单晶的传输过程、动力学和生长机理,分析了CVT法的传输机理、效率以及温场对传输速率和晶体生长的影响.
The n-type ZnO epitaxy film is deposited by metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD) on an Mg-doped p-type GaN substrate to form a p-n junction.	采用金属有机气相外延技术在Mg掺杂p型GaN衬底上外延n型ZnO薄膜以形成p-n结.
The chip was fabricated using the 0.18μm CMOS process with six layers of metals. The area of the chip was 2.68mm2, and the power consumption was as low as 15.5mW.	整个芯片由0.18μm六层金属CMOS工艺制造,芯片面积为2.68mm2,功率消耗仅为15.5mW.
We studied the dependence of the photoluminescence spectrum and the excitation wavelength on the dopant concentration.	研究了光致发光谱与激发波长和掺杂离子浓度的依赖关系.
We proposed a technique to fabricate patterned Si nanocrystal (SiNC) films on p-(100)type boron-doped silicon wafers by using a hydrogen ion implantation technique and the anodic etching method. Furthermore, we successfully grown patterned ZnO nanorods on the patterned substrates.	介绍了用氢离子注入技术和阳极腐蚀方法在硼掺杂p-(100)型硅晶片上制备图形化的纳米硅(SiNC)薄膜工艺,并在这种图形化衬底上成功生长了图形化的ZnO纳米棒.
The area of the chip is 0.28mm2, where the power supply voltage for the digital circuit is 1.8V and that for the class D power amplifier is 3.3V.	芯片面积为0.28mm2,其中数字电路的电源电压为1.8V, D类功率放大器的电源电压为3.3V.
Testing results showed that this design can achieve a dynamic range of more than 30dB and a noise figure of less than 3dB. The operating current is 10mA.	测试结果表明,该设计能够达到超过30dB的动态范围,噪声系数小于3dB,消耗电流为10mA.
Simultaneously, we have analyzed the influence of the processing condition on the device performance.	同时分析了工艺条件对器件性能的影响.
With a thickness of the nano-plate with oxide layers of 50nm, the Young’s modulus of the plate increases from 120GPa to nearly 200GPa with increasing the number of oxide layers.	当表面带氧化层的纳米板厚度为50nm时,板的杨氏模量随着氧化层层数的增加从120GPa上升到近200GPa.
Using the multimode interference effect and the free-carrier plasma dispersion effect, we designed and simulated a 1.55μm wavelength based 2×3 SiGe optical switch.	利用多模干涉效应和自由载流子等离子体色散效应设计和模拟了基于1.55μm波长的2×3 SiGe光开关.
The root-mean-square jitter of the recovered 2.5GHz clock is 2.6ps for 2 parallel channels of PRBS input data (231-1). The root-mean-square jitters of the two channels of recovered 2.5Gb/s data are 3.3ps and 3.4ps, respectively.	输入2路并行的2<sup>31</sup>-1 PRBS数据,恢复出的2.5GHz时钟的均方抖动值为2.6ps,恢复出的两路2.5Gb/s数据的均方抖动值分别为3.3ps和3.4ps.
In the monochromatic cathode-luminescence (CL) images, we found flocculent regions and light emitting dots in the light emitting area corresponding to the green light emission, while only finding flocculent regions in the light emitting area corresponding to the blue light emission.	单色的阴极荧光谱(CL)发现绿光发射对应的发光区包括絮状区域和发光点,而蓝光发射对应的发光区仅包含絮状区域.
In order to verify this technique, we have designed a low offset CMOS differential amplifier with a working voltage of 1.8V.	为了验证这种技术,设计了一个工作电压为1.8V的低失调的CMOS差分放大器.
The results indicate that,	结果表明,
The as-grown crystal is a single-phase high-quality single crystal. The surface is a (311) plane located at θ=23.86°. The deviation angle of the crystal plane is 2.9° and the FWHM of the scattering degree of the orientation is 0.3°. The crystal presents an n-type conductance with a resistivity of 4.79e2Ω∙m, a carrier concentration of 2.83e13cm-3, and a carrier mobility of 4.6e2cm2/(V∙s).	结果表明,所生长的晶体为单相的高质量单晶体;切割晶面为(311) 面,位于θ=23.86°,晶面偏离角=2.9°, 取向分散度FWHM=0.3°;晶体的导电类型为n型,电阻率为4.79e2Ω・cm, 载流子浓度为2.83e13cm-3,载流子迁移率为4.6e2cm2/(V・s).
To a two stage driving circuit of 13 driving buffers, when a grayscale voltage drives all 396 pixel-loads, the settling time of the driving voltage is about 19.2μs. The quiescent current is 518μA, and the power consumption can be reduced by 77% compared with the traditional circuit of  64 driving buffers .	对于具有13个驱动buffer的二级驱动电路,当由一个灰度电压驱动全部396个像素单元时,驱动电压的最大安定时间约为19.2μs;静态消耗电流为518μA,与传统的64个驱动buffer电路相比,其功耗减小了77%.
A comparative measurement is performed on another Co40Fe40B20 alloy sample using the Nd tip method. No valley structures were observed in the reflection spectrum, but visible heat dissipation appeared in the spectral structures. The heat dissipation probably originated in the inelastic transports at the interface.	对另一个Co40Fe40B20合金样品采用简单的钕针尖压针方法进行了对比性测量,反射谱中没有观察到谷结构,但谱结构出现较明显的热扩展,这种热扩展可能来源于界面处的非弹性输运.
Through equipotential modulation by embedding an n+ floating layer in the high-resistance substrate, the new voltage endurance mechanism increases the weak bulk field in the source region and decreases the strong bulk field in the drain region. Thus, the vertical electric field is redistributed and the breakdown voltage of the substrate is increased simultaneously.	新耐压机理是通过嵌入在高阻衬底中的n+浮空层的等电位调制作用,提高源端体内低电场而降低漏端体内高电场使纵向电场重新分配,同时使衬底耐压提高.
Research on the ultrafast absorption spectra of ZnSe nano particles in the solvent shows that when the average size of nano particles is 75nm, the electron-phonon scattering time is 8.74ps; when the average size is 45nm, the scattering time is 2.77ps.	对在溶液中的ZnSe纳米颗粒的超快吸收谱的研究表明,当纳米颗粒的平均尺寸为75nm时,电子-声子散射时间为8.74ps;当平均尺寸为45nm时,散射时间为2.77ps.
Using the linear relationship between the threshold voltage and temperature, we designed and improved an all-CMOS built-in digital temperature sensor based on a relaxation oscillator, and proposed a novel all-CMOS built-in digital temperature sensor based on a Schmitt trigger for thermal test and temperature protection of integrated circuits.	利用阈值电压随温度的线性变化关系,设计并改进了一种基于弛张振荡器的全CMOS片上数字温度传感器,提出了一种新型的基于施密特触发器的全CMOS片上数字温度传感器,用于集成电路的热测试和温度保护.
The results showed that the measurement noise of the device decreases with decreasing the background radiation.	结果表明,随着背景辐射的减小,器件的测量噪声亦减小.
The equalizer adopts a mixed-signal adaptive control loop. It is independent of channel-modeling accuracy by systematic optimization, and its control loop is intrinsically stable. An automatic gain control function is incorporated into the equalizer. The proposed BLW canceller uses a peak detector to monitor the BLW and full feedback method to accomplish BLW canceling. High canceling accuracy and robust performance are achieved.	均衡器采用混和信号模式的自适应控制环路,系统优化使其性能不依赖于信道模型的精确性,控制环路稳定可靠,该均衡器还同时实现自动增益控制功能;基线漂移消除电路采用峰值检测器监测基线漂移,用负反馈思想实现漂移量的消除,消除精度高,性能可靠.
A 3D CMOS integrated circuit employing a new material for the active region is proposed based on the physical properties of SiGe material.	根据SiGe材料的物理特性,提出了一种新有源层材料的三维CMOS集成电路.
We find the oxide growth follows a linear growth rule for stripe mesas.	发现对于条形台面,氧化物生长遵循线性生长规律.
The film’s crystal status depends on the growth temperature and oxygen pressure.	薄膜的结晶情况依赖于薄膜的生长温度和氧气压.
50mm 3C-SiC epilayers are grown on (100) and (111) Si substrates in a newly developed horizontal low-pressure hot-wall CVD reactor under different growth pressures and flow rates of H2 carrier gas. The structure, electrical properties, and thickness uniformity of the epilayers are also analyzed.	利用新改进的水平低压热壁CVD设备,改变生长时的压力和H2流速,在50mm的Si(100)和(111)衬底上获得了3C-SiC外延膜,并对外延膜的结构均匀性、电学均匀性和厚度均匀性进行了分析.
Additionally, we simulate and compare the effects of different p+ region thicknesses on the reverse leakage current.	此外,还模拟比较了不同p+区厚度对器件反向漏电流的影响.
CdTe films with different thicknesses have been grown on clean glass substrates by hot wall vacuum deposition. Their structures and intrinsic absorption optical properties were measured and analyzed.	采用热壁真空沉积的方法,在清洁的玻璃衬底上生长了不同膜厚的CdTe薄膜,对其结构和薄膜的本征吸收光学特性进行了测量分析研究.
In addition, the proposed device is compatible with smart power technology.	此外,该结构与智能功率集成技术兼容.
It is discovered that the influence of change in the conduction band effective density of states, change in the valence band effective density of states and narrowing of the band gap caused by incorporation of Ge on the built-in electric field is larger than that of doping.	发现加入Ge组分后引起的导带有效态密度变化、价带有效态密度变化以及禁带宽度变窄量变化对基区内建电场的影响要大于掺杂对内建电场的影响.
By properly controlling the growth temperature and pressure, we can obtain ZnO films or nanostructures of different forms.	通过适当控制生长温度及压力,可以得到ZnO薄膜或不同形状的纳米结构.
Testing results indicate that the chip has achieved the design specification. Chip area is saved. Furthermore, it exhibits good noise suppression performance.	测试结果表明,芯片达到了设计指标,节省了芯片面积,并显示出良好的噪声抑制性能.
The laser with three to five layers of 1.3μm quantum dots successfully achieves continuous lasering at room temperature.	含有三到五层1.3μm量子点的激光器成功实现了室温连续激射.
By etching a second-order grating directly onto the Al-free optical waveguide layer of a ridge-waveguide AlGaInAs/AlGaAs DFB laser, we have implemented a single longitudinal mode laser with a wavelength of approximately 820nm and a facet power of 30mW.	通过将二级光栅直接刻在脊形波导AlGaInAs/ AlGaAs DFB激光器的无铝光波导层上,实现了波长约为820nm,单面功率为30mW的单纵模激光器.
We grown PbSe single crystal film on the (111) lattice plane of BaF2 substrate by molecular beam epitaxy technology. We studied the influence of different Se/PbSe flux ratios (Rf) on film surface morphology.	用分子束外延技术在BaF2衬底(111)晶面上生长了PbSe单晶薄膜,研究了不同Se/PbSe束流比(Rf)对薄膜表面形貌的影响.
We analyzed the samples by XRD, SEM, and XPS.	利用XRD, SEM和XPS对样品进行了分析.
We simulate using HSPICE and present the simulation results and layout implementation.	利用HSPICE仿真并给出了仿真的结果及版图实现.
By adjusting the composition of this system, we fabricated OLEDs with different PS:NPB ratios and studied the electroluminescent characteristics of the devices.	通过调节该体系的组分,制备出具有不同PS∶NPB浓度比的OLED器件,并对器件的电致发光特性进行了表征.
Temperature is a limiting factor for future integrated circuits development, and the thermal optimization approach can attain a temperature reduction of up to 12℃ with less than 1.8% energy penalty compared with the optimal solution.	温度是未来集成电路发展的一个重要限制因素,而温度优化方法可以降低电路温度最高达12°C,同时其能耗的增长低于最优解的1.8%.
Stress is generated at the interface between the epi-layer and the substrate. Holes at the interface can release the stress and reduce the number of cracks.	应力产生于外延层和衬底之间的界面处,界面孔洞的存在可以释放应力,减少开裂.
The response wavelength peak shifted to shorter wavelength as the reverse bias was increased. …	光谱响应的峰值波长随反向偏压的增大而向短波方向移动,在
High-temperature annealing is used for the Mo contact, without degradation of the n-factor and reverse properties, the Schottky-barrier height is effectively controlled within 1.2~1.3eV, and high pressure resistant and low loss Mo/4H-SiC Schottky-barrier diodes are successfully developed.	并通过对Mo接触进行合理的高温退火,不降低理想因子和反向耐压特性情况下,有效控制肖特基势垒高度在1.2~1.3eV范围内,成功研制出高耐压低损耗Mo/4H-SiC肖特基势垒二极管.
During the laser bonding of Si/glass, the distribution of temperature is a key factor in determining whether the wafers can be bonded.	在硅/玻璃激光键合中,温度场的分布是影响晶片能否键合的关键因素.
We fabricated HEMT devices with 0.8μm gate length and 1.2mm gate width using this material. The maximum drain current density and the extrinsic transconductance are 957mA/mm and 267mS/mm respectively.	用此材料研制出了栅长为0.8μm,栅宽为1.2mm的HEMT器件,最大漏极饱和电流密度和非本征跨导分别为957mA/mm和267mS/mm.
Using 90nm technology we designed and implemented a low power processor which is applicable for wireless sensor network.	采用90nm工艺设计实现了应用于无线传感网络中的低功耗处理器.
Experiments on the HCI for nMOSFETs and NBTI stress for pMOSFETs were conducted. Experiment results prove that the antenna ratio is still an important standard for detecting plasma-induced damage, and that the structure shows the most plasma damage. The results were further explained by the etching process.	对nMOSFET和pMOSFET分别进行了HCI和NBTI应力实验,实验结果证明天线比仍是反应等离子体损伤重要的标准且通孔天线结构器件的损伤最大,并从通孔刻蚀工艺过程中解释其原因.
After InP substrates were stripped off, 20μm stripe edge-emitting lasers were fabricated on 5~6 μm thin films.	剥离去掉InP衬底后,在5~6μm的薄膜上制备出20μm条形边发射激光器.
The optical switch consists of two single mode input ports, a multimode interference region and three single mode output ports.	该光开关由两个单模输入端口、一个多模干涉区和三个单模输出端口构成.
We designed a novel video adaptive equalizer IC.	设计了一款新型的视频自适应均衡芯片.
A Ni film is deposited with physical sputtering on both undoped and doped (including As and B) Si substrates. Silicidation is completed by rapid thermal processing (RTP).	在未掺杂和掺杂(包括As和B)的硅衬底上通过物理溅射淀积Ni薄膜,经快速热处理过程(RTP)完成硅化反应.
This model can be used for the estimation and optimization of the power consumption of CMOS combinational circuits.	该模型可用于CMOS组合电路静态功耗估算和优化.
Based on the frequency characteristics of RF power LDMOS, we have proposed rectangular, converse triangular, and triangular trench structures. We have analyzed the position, the depth, and the width of the trench. Under the condition of the same breakdown voltage and on-resistance, the optimized structure is confirmed to be the triangular trench structure. This structure has realized the goal of reducing parasitic feedback capacitance by the greatest extent. The parasitic feedback capacitance is decreased by 24%. The cut-off frequency of LDMOS is increased by 15%.	基于射频功率LDMOS的频率特性,提出了矩形、倒三角形和正三角形槽结构,对槽的位置、深度、宽度进行分析,在满足相同的耐压和导通电阻条件下,得出最优结构为正三角形槽结构,该结构实现了最大程度地减小寄生反馈电容的目的,寄生反馈电容减小了24%, LDMOS的截止频率提高了15%.
A radio frequency bandpass filter employing a quality factor enhanced active inductor is proposed. The design technique of the quality factor enhanced active inductor is described, which is tunable in a wide radio frequency band. Problems related to the noise and the stability of the active inductor is explained.	提出了一种使用品质因数增强型的有源电感的射频带通滤波器,描述了在宽射频频段上可调谐的品质因数增强型的有源电感设计技术,而且解释了与有源电感噪声和稳定性相关的问题.
When x is equal to 0.65, the MgZnO alloy completely changes from a hexagonal wurtzite structure to a cubic structure.	当x值增加到0.65时,MgZnO合金完成了从单一六角纤锌矿结构向立方向结构的转变.
We compare the degree of current collapse in AlGaN/GaN HEMTs with and without an AlN insert layer under the condition of a DC bias stress. We investigate the effect of an AlN insert layer on the current collapse.	比较有无AlN插入层AlGaN/GaN HEMTs在直流偏置应力条件下的电流崩塌程度,研究AlN插入层对电流崩塌的影响.
Based on the concept of RTD/HEMT series RTT, we have designed a RTD/HEMT monolithic integrated structure, which has been grown using molecular beam epitaxy.	依据RTD/HEMT串联型RTT的概念,设计了RTD/HEMT单片集成材料结构,该结构采用分子束外延技术生长.
We have discussed in detail the incubation layer problem of the growth of microcrystalline silicon (μc-Si) material for bottom-gate μc-Si TFTs. We find that low silicane concentration is an effective approach of decreasing the thickness of this layer.	对底栅微晶硅TFT的微晶硅材料生长孵化层问题进行了详细讨论,发现低硅烷浓度是减薄该层厚度的有效途径.
A built-in power supply circuit IP kernel for TFT-LCD driving chips employing a 0.25μm CMOS hybrid voltage (low-voltage/medium-voltage/high-voltage) process is designed.	设计了一种采用0.25μm CMOS低压/中压/高压混合电压工艺的TFT-LCD驱动芯片内置电源电路IP核.
The PL intensity of etched InGaAs increased, but those of etched n-InP and p-InP decreased.	刻蚀后InGaAs PL强度增加,而n-InP和p-InP PL强度都减小.
ZnO/MgZnO quantum wells are fabricated on Al2O3 (1120) substrate, and their optical properties were studied.	在Al2O3 (1120)衬底上制作了ZnO/MgZnO量子阱并研究了其光学特性.
Using the oscillation cup method, we measured the magnetic viscosity of the Si melt under different temperatures and horizontal directions.	采用回转振荡法,测量了硅熔体在不同温度、不同水平方向磁场下的磁黏度.
We propose a modification to the space charge model in this paper. Besides the charges captured by the oxide and the interface, there are also electrically neutral dipoles formed near the Si-SiO2 interface of the external base.	文章对空间电荷模型进行了修正,认为除氧化物俘获电荷和界面俘获电荷外,还会在外基区Si-SiO2界面附近形成电中性的电偶极子.
According to our research, the damage incurred during stress causes device degradation that follows an approximate power law with stress time.	研究发现应力期间产生的损伤引起器件特性随应力时间以近似幂指数的关系退化.
The results show that better device properties are obtained when the inserted n+-InP layer has a doping concentration of 3E19cm-3 and a thickness of 3nm.	结果表明,当n+-InP插入层掺杂浓度为3E19cm-3、厚度为3nm时,可以获得较好的器件特性.
The buffer layer between the channel and substrate is an unintentionally doped weak n-type.	沟道和衬底之间的缓冲层为非有意掺杂的弱n型.
The UV absorption peak of the chelate structure is located at about 358nm. The sol-gel has good chemical stability at room temperature. The chelate structure in the films can be dissociated using UV light from a high-pressure mercury lamp. With the dissociation of the chelate structure, the solubility of the gel films in alcohol decreases rapidly, thus showing the UV photosensitivity of the gel films.	其螯合物的特征吸收峰在358nm附近,该溶胶及其凝胶薄膜在室温下有较好的化学稳定性;高压汞灯产生的紫外光照射可以分解薄膜中的螯合物结构,伴随着这种螯合物结构的分解,薄膜在乙醇中的溶解性迅速降低,从而表现出紫外光感应特性.
A spectral-correction-integral-photometry method and its application to the measurement of the luminous flux of blue LEDs are introduced. Various uncertain factors occurring during the measurement are analyzed theoretically and are compared with the uncertainties in the spectrophotometry and integral photometry methods. The results prove that our method can realize extremely high measurement accuracy.	介绍了一种光谱校正积分光度法及其在蓝光LED光通量测量中的应用,对测量中的各种不确定因素作了理论分析,并与单纯的分光光度法和积分光度法的不确定度作了比较,证明该方法可实现极高的测量精度.
However, as the annealing temperature increases, the optical frequency dielectric constant decreases.	然而,随退火温度的增加,其光频介电常数则会减小.
The thickness of the channel layer is about 0.35μm and the doping concentration is about 1.7×1017cm-3.	其沟道层厚度约为0.35μm, 掺杂浓度约1.7×10<sup>17</sup>cm<sup>-3</sup>.
Phase change material is filled in the sealed chamber of the pressure sensor. The self test function is realized by utilizing the high pressure generated by the vaporization of the phase change material.	在压力传感器的密封腔中填充相变物质,利用相变物质气化后所产生的巨大压力实现自检测功能.
We have presented a two dimensional theoretical model for the impurity concentration distribution in the bulk silicon LDMOS drift region. According to this model, if we intend to achieve the best performance of the LDMOS with a field plate, the impurity concentration in the LDMOS drift region must be a piecewise linear distribution.	提出了体硅LDMOS漂移区杂质浓度分布的一种二维理论模型,根据该模型,如果要使带有场极板的LDMOS得到最佳的性能,那么LDMOS漂移区的杂质浓度必须呈分段线性分布.
The polishing slurry, the thickness before and after polishing, flatness and roughness are characterized by SEM, ADE-9520 wafer surface inspector, and AFM.	抛光液、抛光前后厚度、平坦性能及粗糙度通过SEM、ADE-9520型晶片表面测试仪、AFM进行了表征.
A single power supply common-gate current mode transimpedance preamplifier (TIA) is developed with a 0.5μm GaAs PHEMT process.	采用0.5μm GaAs PHEMT工艺研制了一种单电源共栅电流模跨阻抗前置放大器(TIA) .
We studied in detail the influence of the growth temperature and pressure when using Al2O3 (0001) substrate.	详细研究了采用Al2O3 (0001)衬底时生长温度与压力的影响.
With a single 2.5V power supply, the low power transmitter consumes a current of approximately 3.17mA.	采用单2.5V的电源供电下,低功耗发射机消耗的电流约为3.17mA.
The lattice perfection of the crystals has been analyzed using X-ray double crystal diffraction.	利用X射线双晶衍射分析了晶体的完整性.
THz photon energy can be estimated by the difference of gate voltage positions between the above two peaks.	通过这两个峰位的栅压间距可以估算出THz光子的能量.
By micro-photoluminescence technology, we observed the photoluminescence peaks of E0, E0+△0, and E + energy levels of GaAsN alloys with N contents of 0.10%, 0.22%, 0.36%, and 0.62%.	利用显微光致发光技术,观测到了N含量为0.1%,0.22%,0.36%和0.62%的GaAsN合金的E0, E0+Δ0 和 E+能级的光致发光峰.
The results indicate that an external electric field has significant effect on the state energy and binding energy of hydrogenic impurities, and the effect is enhanced with increasing well width.	结果表明,外电场对类氢杂质态能量和结合能均有明显的影响,并且这些影响随着阱宽的增大而增大.
Through comparison with the simulation results of the 2D device simulator MEDICI, the model is verified.	通过与二维器件模拟软件MEDICI模拟结果比较,证明了该方法及结果的有效性.
A compatible process for 1200V high voltage BCD (BJT, CMOS, DMOS) has been developed, which, in addition to the standard CMOS process, has two more steps. One is pn junction isolation, and the other one is p-top implantation used to form DMOS device D-RESURF. Using this process, we have realized BJT, CMOS, and high voltage DM	开发1200V高压BCD (BJT, CMOS, DMOS)兼容工艺,在标准CMOS工艺的基础上增加pn结对通隔离,用于形成DMOS器件D-RESURF的p-top注入两步工序,实现了BJT, CMOS与高压DM
In the simulation process, we introduce the discretization method of combining second upwind, Schafetter-Gummel(SG) and second order central difference to discretize the equation array, so that the convergence of the result is ensured.	模拟过程中,引入second upwind,Schafetter-Gummel(SG)和二阶中心差分法相结合的离散方法对方程组进行离散,保证了结果的收敛性.
According to the different situations of the problems encountered, we improved the device design and technological processes and confirmed the feasibility by experiments.	根据所遇到问题的不同情况对器件的设计和工艺流程进行了改进,并通过实验验证了其可行性.
According to the standard Schottky theory and the test results of capacitance-frequency (C-f) and capacitance-voltage (C-V) obtained from the experiments, we conclude that the organic Schottky potential barrier is within the range of 0.2~0.3eV.	根据标准肖特基理论以及实验所得电容-频率(C-f)和电容-电压(C-V)的测试结果,得到该有机肖特基势垒高度在0.2~0.3eV范围内.
Experiments show that the diffusion coefficients of As in HgCdTe are (1.0±0.9)E-16 ,(8±3)E-15, and (1.5±0.9) ×10-13cm2/s at temperatures of 240, 380, and 440℃, respectively, under Hg-saturated pressure.	实验发现Hg饱和蒸汽压下,对应不同的温度240, 380, 440°C, As在HgCdTe中的扩散系数分别为(1.0±0.9)E-16 ,(8±3)E-15 ,(1.5±0.9)E-13cm2/s.
The switch is controlled by static electricity and is isolated from the signal path.	开关通过静电控制,且与信号通道分离.
By combining the genetic algorithm together with the simulated annealing algorithm we have obtained an improved genetic algorithm. This improved genetic algorithm may be used to extract model parameters of SOI MOSFET.	通过将遗传算法和模拟退火算法相结合得到了改进的遗传算法,这种改进的遗传算法可用于提取SOI MOSFET模型参数.
The Young’s modulus of the plate increases with increasing the number of oxide layers on the surface. With decreasing the plate thickness, the oxide layers play a critical role.	板的杨氏模量随表面氧化层层数的增加而上升,随着板厚度的减小,氧化层的影响起到了决定性的作用.
Using Lifs	利用Lifs
The paper has presented a method of isoelectronic doping in small amounts, combined with micro-photoluminescence spectroscopy, to directly observe the above band gap transition energy levels of semiconducting materials though photoluminescence spectroscopy is seldom used to observe the positions of these energy levels.	文中提出了一种少量等电子掺杂和显微光致发光谱相结合的方法来直接观测半导体材料带边以上的跃迁能级,尽管光致发光谱通常没有用来观测这些能级位置.
We proposed an actively biased isolated well structure for SOI devices. We analyzed the possibility of the structure for single event upset hardening. We simulated the single event upset hardening performance of the inverter with the structure by the device simulation software Medici and current simulation software Hspice.	介绍了SOI器件的可偏压隔离阱结构,对这种结构抗单粒子翻转的可能性进行了分析,对采用此结构的反相器的抗单粒子翻转性能利用器件模拟软件Medici和电路模拟软件Hspice进行了模拟.
Results show that the primary cause for the high turn-on, offset, and saturation voltages of the practical device are the high base sheet resistance and the nonohmic properties of the base contact. The explanation provides a theoretical basis for the fabrication of the device.	结果表明:实际器件导通电压、偏移电压及饱和电压较大的原因主要是高基区电阻和基区接触的非欧姆特性,为器件的工艺制造提供了理论指导.
In addition, we compared the breakdown properties of floating body SOIs, conventional SOIs, and RSB SOI DTMOS.	另外,对浮体SOI器件、传统模式SOI器件和反偏肖特基势垒SOI DTMOS的关态击穿特性进行了比较.
We designed and fabricated a novel patterned-SOI LDMOSFET which is applicable for wireless communication amplifier.	设计并制作了一种可应用于无线通信放大器的新型的图形化SOI LDMOSFET.
Using the epitaxy technology of metal organic chemical vapor deposition, we grow epitaxial materials and complete the fabrication on a GaAs integrated circuit processing line.	采用金属有机化学气相淀积外延技术生长外延材料,并在GaAs集成电路工艺线上完成工艺制作.
InAs/GaAs quantum dot materials with different deposition thicknesses have been studied using Raman scattering at 77K.	利用喇曼散射方法在77K温度下对不同淀积厚度的InAs/GaAs量子点材料进行了研究.
The relationship among ionizing parameters, growth rate, crystal structure and surface morphology and optical properties of ZnO films is studied by X-ray diffraction (XRD), atomic force microscopy(AFM), low temperature photoluminescence, etc. It was found that the ionization of RF plasma has a marked influence on the thin film growth rate, etc. By parameters optimization, the material structure and optical properties can be greatly improved.	通过X射线衍射(XRD)、原子力显微镜(AFM)、低温光致发光谱等方法研究了离化参数与生长速率、晶体质量、表面结构以及光学特性之间的相互关系,研究发现射频等离子体离化对薄膜生长速率等参数有明显的影响,通过优化相关离化实验参数可以极大的改进和提高材料的结构和光学性质.
The reason is, the dangling bonds at the surface of the p-Si (100) substrate force silicon atoms to move transversely to satisfy the requirement of bonding, thus forming steps and other defects.	原因是p-Si (100)衬底的表面原子悬挂键的作用,使硅原子横向移动满足键合需要形成台阶和其他缺陷.
Measurements and studies by optical microscopy, electrical microscopy and micro-Raman spectroscopy show that, similar to Ni metal induced single a-Si system, each α-Si layer in the multilayered structure also has a preferred direction (110) after annealing, and the grain diameter is larger, about 4~5 μm.	通过光学显微镜、电子显微镜和显微喇曼光谱等手段测量研究表明,与单一a-Si系统的金属Ni诱导相似,该多层结构中的各α-Si层退火后也具有(110)择优取向,同时晶粒的直径较大,约在4~5μm左右.
In a sensitive environment, the sensor can measure simultaneously the sensitive membrane conductivity, the mass change, and the charge-to-mass ratio of gas molecules with high sensitivity and high selectivity.	该传感器在敏感环境中,可同时获得敏感膜电导率和质量变化,测量被测气体分子的荷质比,具有高灵敏度和高选择性.
Optical coupling plays an important role in the packaging process of high speed optical devices.	高速光器件的封装工艺中,光耦合占据重要的地位.
The mechanical thermal noise caused by the micromachine variable capacitor and the method for lowering the phase noise by reducing the air squeeze damping are discussed and a method for optimizing the number of damping holes is proposed.	对微机械可变电容引起的机械热噪声以及减小空气压膜阻尼来降低相位噪声的方法进行了讨论,提出了一种优化阻尼孔数目的方法.
The photoluminescence spectrum showed two emission wavelengths at 426 and 446nm, respectively.	荧光光谱法测试了硅氧线的发光光谱,表明在426和446nm处有较强的发光.
Measurements indicate that no noticeable warping effect is found on the output property curve, the off-state breakdown voltage achieves 13V, fT is 8GHz when VG = 4V and VD= 3.6V, and DC and RF properties are both better than those of body-contact LDMOSFETs fabricated on the identical chips with the same process conditions.	测试表明,输出特性曲线没有发现明显的翘曲效应,关态的击穿电压达13V,在VG=4V和VD=3.6V时fT为8GHz,直流和射频性能均优于同一芯片上相同工艺条件制备的体接触LDMOSFET.
Its drain-induced barrier lowering effect decreases with increasing Halo doping concentration but does not change monotonically with Halo length.	新结构器件的漏致势垒降低效应随着Halo区掺杂浓度的增加而减弱,但随Halo区长度非单调变化.
The Plane wave expansion method and rapid genetic algorithm are used to optimize and design two-dimensional photonic crystals with a large band-gap width.	采用平面波展开法和快速遗传算法优化设计具有大禁带的二维光子晶体.
The experimental results show that, compared to existing algorithms, this estimation algorithm can obtain more accurate estimation results.	实验结果表明,与现有算法相比,该估计算法能获得更准确的估计结果.
The power measurement is realized by measuring the microwave power coupled out by the MEMS membrane.	该结构通过测量由MEMS膜耦合出的一小部分微波功率实现功率的测量.
We have reported a new structural InGaP/InGaAs/GaAs double heterojunction transistor with an InGaAs base. A device with excellent DC performance is obtained.	报道了一种以InGaAs为基区的新结构InGaP/InGaAs/GaAs双异质结晶体管,获得了直流性能良好的器件.
This laser diode was used to measure the electrooptical coefficients of superlattice materials. At the same time, GaAs, KTP, and GaN were used as comparative samples.	用该激光器测量超晶格材料的电光系数,同时用GaAs,KTP和GaN材料作为对比材料.
Through a large amount of calculation, we find that the air-cylinder-in-silicon photonic crystal has an overlapped absolute photonic band gap of TE and TM modes in the infrared range. Furthermore, we studied the variations of TM mode band gap widths of silicon-cylinder-in-air and air-cylinder-in-silicon resulting from changes of air cylinder radii and filling factors, respectively.	经过大量的计算,发现硅中的空气柱型光子晶体在红外波段TE模和TM模存在重叠的绝对光子带隙,并分别研究了空气中的硅介质柱和硅中的空气柱的TM模带隙宽度随空气柱半径和填充比变化的规律.
Finally, we discussed the application of the actively biased isolated well-based single event upset hardening device.	最后对基于可偏压隔离阱的抗单粒子翻转器件的应用给予了讨论.
A new infrared measurement method to determine the duration of the startup of GaAs wet etching is proposed.	提出了一种测定材料湿法刻蚀启动时长的红外热像新方法.
We built an open-loop response test system for the resonator gyro using phase modulation spectroscopy technology.	利用调相谱检测技术,建立了谐振式陀螺的开环响应测试系统.
The measured output frequency ranges from 4.17~4.56GHz, which is larger than 300MHz and agrees very well with the simulation result. The phase noise is 112dBc/Hz@1MHz. At a power supply voltage of 3.3V, the DC power of the kernel part is 15.5mW, and the output power is 0~2dBm.	测试得到的输出频率范围超过300MHz,为4.17~4.56GHz,与仿真结果非常吻合;相位噪声为-112dBc/Hz@1MHz;在3.3V电源电压下,其核心部分的直流功耗为15.5mW,输出功率为0~2dBm.
Circuit element parameters are extracted from radio frequency measurement results.	对射频测试结果进行了电路元件参数提取.
Theoretically, the time complexity of the algorithm is (N1+N2)O(n2)+N3O(n4lgn), where N1, N2, and N3 are the number of modules in different stages, N1+N2+N3=n, and N3<<n. The complexity of the proposed algorithm is much less than that of the least flexibility first algorithm O(n5lgn).	理论上,算法的时间复杂为(N1+N2)O(n2)+N3O(n4lgn),其中N1,N2,N3为各个阶段的模块数目,N1+N2+N3=n,且N3<<n,比原有的最小自由度优先算法复杂度O(n5lgn)小很多.
We designed a highly linear intermediate frequency variable gain amplifier with exponential gain using a transconductance linearization scheme.	采用跨导线性化技术设计了一种具有指数增益特性的高线性中频可变增益放大器.
The physical model and the numerical method can be used to instruct the design of RSD devices and the development of simulation circuits.	物理模型和数值方法对于RSD器件设计及仿真电路的开发具有指导意义.
The results show that all three microneedles we designed are strong enough to guarantee safe skin injection, and they are suitable for delivering drugs in micro-volumes.	结果表明,所设计的三种微针的强度可以保证安全地进行皮肤注射,且适于进行药剂的微量传输.
The simulation results based on the new mobility model agreed well with the experiment results.	基于新迁移率模型的模拟结果与实验吻合.
Additionally, an automatic frequency adjusting method is used in the chip to avoid adjusting external inductance.	此外,该芯片还采用自动频率调整的方法避免调节片外电感.
A wide-band high-linearity down-conversion mixer used for cable receptions is analyzed.	分析了一种宽带高线性度的用于有线接收机的下变频混频器.
The relationship between RTD direct current properties/barrier thickness, well/substrate thickness, and spacer thickness/doping density are analyzed and discussed.	通过模拟得到RTD直流特性与势垒厚度、势阱材料及厚度、隔离层厚度以及掺杂浓度间的关系,对结果进行了分析与讨论.
Testing results indicated that, with a center frequency of 2.44GHz, the radio frequency filter has a 3dB bandwidth of 60MHz. The center frequency is tunable within the range of 2.07~2.44GHz. The 1dB compression point is -15dBm and the static power consumption is 10.8mW. With a center frequency of 2.07GHz, the filter can achieve a quality factor as high as 103.	测试结果表明:该射频滤波器中心频率为2.44GHz时,3dB带宽为60MHz,中心频率可在2.07~2.44GHz范围内调谐,1dB压缩点为-15dBm,而静态功耗为10.8mW;在中心频率为2.07GHz时,滤波器的品质因数可达到103.
In air, the resonant cantilever in the 2nd mode with the clip-style excitation shows a significantly increased quality factor of 857, while the 1st mode cantilever excited by conventional excitation shows a quality factor of 195. In addition, the resonant frequency is increased from 49.156 to 298.132kHz. By using Allen variance analysis, the resolution of the resonant sensor in air is improved from 0.17pg to 0.029pg by optimized excitation for the 2nd mode, and the resolution of 4 vaccinia viruses is achieved.	在空气中进行谐振实验,与传统一阶模态传感器相比,采用该优化驱动的二阶模态,谐振品质因数从195提高到857,谐振频率从49.156提高到298.132kHz,采用Allen方差的方法对谐振频率噪声进行分析,表明该优化驱动的二阶模态传感器将传统的一阶模态传感器质量分辨率从0.17改善到0.029pg,达到了4个痘病毒的质量分辨水平.
We report the strain and annealing properties of the Si0.8Ge0.2 film grown by MBE in the micron sized media window on the Si substrate.	报道了在Si衬底上微米尺寸的介质膜窗口中,采用分子束外延技术共度生长的Si0.8Ge0.2薄膜的应变及其退火特性.
The chip uses a power supply of 3.3V. The power consumption is 122mW. The differential output voltage range is 660mV.	芯片采用3.3V电压供电,功耗为122mW,差分输出电压幅度为660mV.
The circuit not only implements an AC-driving mode, but also eliminates the threshold voltage drifting problem of the driving TFT due to the process variation or prolonged operation, which can cause uneven brightness of OLED displays.	该电路结构不仅能实现OLED的交流驱动,而且能避免由于制作过程的变化和长时间的工作引起的驱动管阈值电压漂移的现象,这种现象将导致OLED显示屏的亮度不一致.
A simple and effective circuit compensation method used to improve the stability of integrated circuits is introduced.	介绍一种简单而有效的提高集成电路稳定性的电路补偿方法.
A high performance AlAs/In0.53Ga0.47As/InAs resonant tunneling diode has been fabricated on InP substrate using an inductive coupling plasma etch technique.	在InP衬底上采用感应耦合等离子体刻蚀技术制备了高性能的AlAs/In0.53Ga0.47As/InAs共振隧穿二极管.
Compensated material Si∶(B,Mn) is prepared by high temperature diffusion. The relation between the current oscillation parameters of this material and light intensity and electric field is studied.	用高温扩散方法制备出补偿Si∶(B,Mn)材料,并研究了这种材料的电流振荡参数与光照和电场之间的关系.
We studied the properties of the gate current and substrate current after a soft breakdown (SBD) of ultra-thin gate oxides (≤3.0nm).	研究了超薄栅氧化层(≤3.0nm)软击穿(soft breakdown, SBD)后的栅电流和衬底电流特性.
The results indicate that the incorporation of a small amount of C in the SiGe/Si power diode basically does not affect the forward I-V characteristics and reverse recovery characteristics, but greatly reduces the reverse leakage current. Moreover, the incorporation of C reduces the dependence of device characteristics on the critical thickness of the material.	结果表明:在SiGe/Si功率二极管中加入少量的C,在基本不影响器件正向I-V特性和反向恢复特性的前提下,大大减少了器件的反向漏电流,并且C的加入还减小了器件特性对材料临界厚度的依赖
The evolvement and migration of intermetallic-compounds causes mass depletion at the cathode, which triggers formation and aggregation of cavities, which further leads to a decreased interconnecting area, an increased total resistance, and degraded reliability.	金属间化合物的演化和迁移造成了阴极处的物质减少,从而诱发空洞的形成和聚集,导致互连面积减小,整体电阻增大,可靠性降低.
We present a novel BCD structure employing a semi-insulating SOI, which reliably integrates high-voltage large-current VDMOS, CMOS and a bipolar junction device. The feature of the structure is the incorporation of vertically conducting VDMOS.	提出了一种采用半绝缘SOI的新型BCD结构,该结构把高压大电流VDMOS, CMOS和双极器件同时可靠地集成在一起,其特点是集成了垂直导电的VDMOS.
Research shows that after a 50s RTP treatment of 750~900oC, four new IR absorption peaks appear in the FTIR spectra of the sample, which firstly strengthen and then weaken as the temperature increases. These IR absorption peaks are believed to be related to nitrogen-vacancy complexes.	研究发现,经过750~900°C的RTP处理50s后,样品的FTIR图谱中出现四个新的红外吸收峰,并随温度升高先增强后减弱,这些红外吸收峰被认为与氮-空位复合体有关.
The paper describes 1.3μm multilayered InGaAs/InAs/GaAs self-assembled quantum dots grown by molecular beam epitaxy and their continuous laser at room temperature.	报道了分子束外延生长的1.3μm多层InGaAs/InAs/GaAs自组织量子点及其室温连续激射激光器.
The porosities of meso-PS samples prepared by the double-tank electrochemical corrosion method were 62% and 79%, respectively. Their thermal conductivity yielded by micro-Raman spectroscopy were 8.315 and 0.949W/(m•K), respectively.	采用双槽电化学腐蚀法制备孔隙率分别为62%和79%的介孔硅,微喇曼光谱技术测量所制备的介孔硅的热导率为8.315和0.949W/(m・K).
We fabricated a photodiode and a receiver circuit based on the same technique on the same one substrate to eliminate the parasitic effect induced by hybrid integration.	在同一衬底上制作了基于同一工艺的光电二极管与接收机电路,以消除混合集成引入的寄生影响.
Aiming at practical applications of the microneedles, we theoretically analyzed and numerically simulated the mechanical properties of the microneedles and the fluid flowing through the microchannels.	针对微针的实际使用要求,对微针的固体力学性质及微通道内液体的流动情况进行了理论分析和数值模拟.
This model is helpful for understanding the physical picture of the turn-off process for local lifetime controlled NPT-IGBT. Simultaneously, it can also be used to direct the design and optimization of such devices.	该模型将有助于理解局域寿命控制NPT-IGBT的关断过程物理图像,同时也可以用于指导该类器件的设计和优化.
The results show that: (1) the rate of the triplet exciton energy transfer (KHG, KGH) increases exponentially with the host-guest intermolecular distance (R), KHG decreases rapidly as the intermolecular distance of the guest RGG increases, and the ratio of KHG/KGH increases when R or RGG decreases; (2) the energy transfer probability decreases approximately linearly when R is 0.8 ~ 1.2nm, and the variation of RGG can be ignored when R<1.1mm. In the case of 1.1nm<R<1.2nm, RGG (<1.6nm) plays an increasingly important role on η; (3) η increases when the Forster energy transfer rate increases or Gibb's energy decreases.	结果表明: (1)三态激子能量转移率(KHG,KGH)随主客体分子间距离R指数增加,KHG随客体分子间距离RGG增加有一个快的减少,且KHG/KGH随R或RGG减少而增加; (2)当R为0.8~1.2nm时,能量转移几率接近线性降低,而当R<1.1nm时,RGG的变化能够被忽略,对于1.1nm<R<1.2nm的情况,RGG(<1.6nm)对η起着越来越重要的作用; (3)当Forster能量转移率增加或Gibb’s能减小时,η将会增加.
The paper introduced "zone method" to simulate wall temperature distribution and created a model for calculating wall temperature distribution in an MOCVD reactor. The model was used to calculate the wall temperature distribution of a radial flow MOCVD reactor with three separate vertical inlets.	将研究辐射换热问题的区域法引入壁面间的辐射换热计算,建立了MOCVD壁面温度的计算模型,应用该模型计算了径向三重流MOCVD反应器的壁面温度分布.
Based on the simulation results, also	基于模拟结果,也
ITO films with preferred orientations in (222) and (400) directions have been deposited on two identical thin-film-silicon/single-crystalline-silicon solar cells, respectively. The photoelectric conversion efficiencies are 10.3% and 12.9%, respectively, which indicates that (400) orientation is more favorable for improving the efficiency of the solar cell.	在两个相同的薄膜硅/单晶硅太阳能电池上分别沉积(222)和(400) ITO优先取向膜,光电转换效率分别为10.3%和12.9%,表明(400)取向更有利于提高电池效率.
A hybrid digital pulse width modulator (DPWM) used in a DC-DC digital control chip is introduced. This DPWM combines an oscillator and a counter, and has been fabricated by Chartered 0.35μm 2P4M CMOS process.	介绍了一种应用于DC-DC数字控制芯片的混合型数字脉宽调制器(DPWM)设计,该DPWM结合了振荡环和计数器的设计,在Chartered 0.35μm 2P4M CMOS工艺下经过流片验证.
It consists of a differential pre-amplifier at the input stage, an amplifier at the gain stage, and an output stage.	电路包括输入级差分预放大电路、增益级放大电路和输出电路.
Additionally, this paper describes in detail the design and fabrication process of this kind of device.	同时,文章详细描述了这种器件的设计和制造工艺.
When a voltage of about 560V is applied to both ends of the samples, electroluminescence phenomena of the cBN crystals occur.	在样品两端的电压值大约为560V时,cBN晶体发生电致发光现象.
The chip has been fabricated using a Chartered 0.35μm 2P4M CMOS process that is suitable for Schottky diodes and EEPROMs. The chip has an effective range of larger than 3m and the area of the chip is 300μm×720μm.	该芯片采用支持肖特基二极管和EEPROM的Chartered 0.35μm 2P4M CMOS工艺进行流片,读取距离大于3m,芯片面积为300μm×720μm.
1.3μm vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser (VCSEL) structure including p+-AlInAs-n+-InP buried tunnel junction and multiple quantum wells active layer is grown on InP (100) substrates. The turn-on voltage obtained from measurement is smaller than ordinary pin junction VCSEL. The electroluminescence spectrum wavelength is 1.29μm at room temperature.	在InP(100)衬底上生长了包含p+-AlInAs-n+-InP掩埋隧道结和多量子阱有源层的1.3μm垂直腔面发射激光器(VCSEL)结构,测试得出其开启电压比普通的pin结VCSEL小,室温下其电致发光谱波长为1.29μm.
We present 1730nm wavelength semiconductor laser diodes (LDs) on InP substrates for medical appliances.	报道了应用于医疗器械的InP基1730nm波段半导体激光器.
Using this porous GaN as buffer layer, thick GaN film was grown by hydride vapor phase epitaxy (HVPE).s	以多孔结构的GaN作为缓冲层,用卤化物气相外延(HVPE)方法生长GaN厚膜.
Based on a simplified equivalent circuit model of the inductor, parameters are extracted using a characteristic-function method. The simulation results match the measurement results very well.	基于该电感的简化等效电路模型,采用一种特征函数法进行了参数提取,模拟结果与测量结果符合得很好.
A monolithic LC-tuned voltage controlled oscillator with low phase noise is fabricated based on TSMC 0.18μm RF CMOS technology.	采用TSMC 0.18μm射频CMOS工艺设计了一个具有低相位噪声的单片LC调谐型压控振荡器.
The subthreshold slope of the nMOS, DIBL factor, and threshold voltage are 84.46mV/dec, 34.76mV/V, and 0.26V respectively.	nMOS的亚阈值斜率,DIBL因子以及阈值电压分别为84.46mV/dec, 34.76mV/V和0.26V.
Such a phenomena is probably because In grains isolate the subjacent InN from contact with the annealing atmosphere. Meanwhile, the structural difference between metal In and InN may also lead to highly dense structural defects and a decrease of crystal quality of InN film.	这种现象可能是由于In颗粒隔离了其下面的InN与退火气氛的接触,同时,金属In和InN结构上的差异也可能在InN中导致了高密度的结构缺陷,从而降低了InN薄膜的结晶质量.
Observation under a high resolution transmission electron microscope showed clear interfaces and an unbroken period of the superlattice.	高分辨透射电子显微镜观察证实超晶格界面清晰,周期完整.
The binding energies of O atoms in C=O bonds and C-O-C bonds are 531.5 and 533.4eV respectively.	O原子在CO键和COC键的结合能分别为531.5和533.4eV.
The results showed that the existence of excessive PbO can greatly suppress the decomposition of PbZrO3 and the formation of the pyrochlore phase, thus stabilizing the perovskite phase.	结果表明,PbO的富足可以大大抑制PbZrO3的分解,还可以抑制焦绿石相的产生,起到稳定钙钛矿相的作用.
Our analysis shows that the criterion for self-propagating wafer bonding is related to the dimensionless parameter α.	分析结果表明,晶片直接键合的条件与无量纲参数α有关.
The effects of source/drain extensions on the direct tunneling gate current are considered and a semi-empirical expression for the direct tunneling gate current is obtained, which is suitable for nMOS devices with an ultra-thin (2~4nm) gate and short (0.13~0.25μm) channel, and different HALO doping doses.	文中考虑了源/漏扩展区对直接隧穿栅电流的影响,给出了适用于不同HALO掺杂剂量的超薄栅(2~4nm)短沟(0.13~0.25μm) nMOS器件的半经验直接隧穿栅电流模拟表达式.
The method uses focused ion beam etching and magnetron sputtering to obtain controllable, clean, and tensionless nano-contacts for probing spin polarization.	该方法采用聚焦粒子束刻蚀和磁控溅射,可以获得可控的、干净的、无应力的纳米接触用于自旋极化探测.
Systems of circuit equations are found in combination with a typical circuit of the operation of RSD. Using the Runge-Kutta method, the voltage and current waveforms are obtained from the distribution of nonequilibrium carriers.	结合RSD工作的典型电路建立电路方程组,采用Runge-Kutta方法求解,由非平衡载流子分布得到了RSD的电压、电流波形.
Thus, this …	因此该
Operating at 2.158GHz, the phase noise is measured at -118.17dBc/Hz at a 1MHz offset.	在2.158GHz工作频率下,在1MHz频偏处的相位噪声为-118.17dBc/Hz.
Experimental results indicate that the amorphization has not introduced any effects on dopant redistribution during the silicidation process. However, the analysis of cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy shows that the energy required by the amorphization needs reasonable optimization.	实验结果表明这种非晶化未对硅化反应过程中杂质的再分布产生影响,但是剖面透射电镜分析表明,这种非晶化所需能量需要合理优化.
We described some research results on HgCdTe molecular-beam epitaxy for the requirements of third generation infrared focal planes. 75mm HgCdTe film materials have good composition uniformity with a deviation in cutoff wavelength of 0.1μm at 80K.	叙述了围绕第三代红外焦平面的需求所进行的HgCdTe分子束外延的一些研究结果.75mm HgCdTe薄膜材料的组分均匀性良好,80K下截止波长偏差为0.1μm.
Based on the properties of an MEMS fabrication process and a standard silicon based IC process, we obtained the key process techniques and typical process conditions of the process flow for the micro-cantilever structure systems made from silicon based PZT piezoelectric films.	根据MEMS加工工艺和标准硅基IC工艺的特点,获得了硅基PZT压电薄膜微悬臂梁结构系统工艺流程中的关键工艺技术和典型工艺条件.
Testing results of the module are as follows: gain flatness ≤ ±0.34dB, noise coefficient ≤ 1.84dB, and gain > 35dB, which indicates that the module satisfies the design requirement.	利用这种方法研制的模块最终测试结果为:增益平坦度≤±0.34dB,噪声系数≤1.84dB,增益>35dB,模块性能完全符合设计要求.
Nitric-phosphoric acid etching is suitable for industrial production to etch back surfaces.	磷硝酸腐蚀是一种适宜于工业化生产的背表面刻蚀工艺.
Appropriate thicknesses of epilayers with lower threshold gain were calculated to achieve economical material growth time.	给出了在较低阈值下节约材料生长时间的各外延层厚度.
Using SiO powder as a raw material, one dimensional silicon oxide nanowires were successfully prepared. The nanowires were studied under a scanning electron microscope (SEM) and transmission electron microscope (TEM). The diameters of the nanowires are 100~200nm and the lengths can be as large as several microns.	以SiO粉末为原料,采用水热法成功地制备出一维纳米硅氧线,并通过扫描电子显微镜(SEM)和透射电子显微镜(TEM)观察该一维硅氧线的形貌,可知其直径为100~200nm,长度可以达到几十微米.
By constructing a model with an exponential variation of the optical thickness for multi-layered film materials on both sides of the bonding interface, we analyzed the influence of bonding effect on the optical properties of the micro-cavity structures.	通过构造键合界面两侧多层薄膜材料的光学厚度呈现指数规律变化的模型,分析了键合效应对微腔结构光学特性的影响.
We use ADI combined with high-order compact finite difference methods to compute the breakdown voltage of film SOI RESURF structure.	采用ADI与高阶紧致差分相结合的方法计算薄膜SOI RESURF结构击穿电压.
The errors of equivalent inductance, equivalent resistance and Q factor derived by this model within 15GHz are verified to be within 8%, as compared to the full-wave method.	通过与全波分析方法对比,验证了在15GHz范围内由该模型导出的等效电感、等效电阻和Q值误差均在8%以内.
By employing growth interruption modulation, we grew GaN films on the (0001) plane of sapphire substrates under the protection of the In beam.	使用分子束外延方法,采用In束流保护下的调制中断生长技术,在(0001) 蓝宝石衬底上生长GaN薄膜.
We report the fabrication and light-emitting properties of light-emitting diodes of n-ZnO/p-GaN heterostructure.	报道了n-ZnO/p-GaN异质结构发光二极管的制备及其发光特性.
A novel resonant cavity enhanced (RCE) optical modulator is proposed, which adopts a dual-cavity mixed structure.	提出了一种新型的谐振腔增强型(RCE)光调制器结构,该器件采用双腔混合式结构.
Combining a new device structure and novel semiconductor material, we present a novel structure of ideal Ohmic contact p+(SiGeC)-n--n+ diodes with a three-step graded doping concentration in the base region, and the doping concentration gradient is also optimized.	将新器件结构与新型半导体材料相结合,提出了一种新型的n-区三层渐变掺杂理想欧姆接触型p+(SiGeC)-n--n+异质结功率二极管,并对n-区的杂质分布梯度进行了优化.
At operating frequencies of 6~18GHz, the average power gain of the amplifier is 19dB, the output power is larger than 33.3dBm with a maximum output power of 34.7dBm at 10GHz, the input return loss S11 is smaller than -10dB, and the output return loss S22 is smaller than -6dB.	在6~18GHz的工作频率下,放大器的平均功率增益为19dB,输出功率大于33.3dBm,在10GHz处有最大输出功率34.7dBm, 输入回波损耗S11低于-10dB,输出回波损耗S22低于-6dB.
Finally, with UV writing technology, single-mode waveguide and Y beam splitter samples were fabricated in the Si-based SiO2 waveguide core grown by PECVD. Light propagation was observed. The experimental results and simulation results are consistent with each other.	最后,采用紫外写入法在PECVD方法生长的Si基SiO2波导芯层中制备出了单模波导和Y分束器样品,并观测到了通光现象,实测结果与模拟结果一致.
And the surface of as-etched GaN material is relatively smooth, with a room-mean-square (RMS) roughness of smaller than 1nm. SEM images show a smooth surface and vertical sidewall.	同时刻蚀后GaN材料的表面形貌也较为平整,均方根粗糙度(RMS)可达1nm以下.SEM图像显示刻蚀后表面光洁,刻蚀端面陡直.
The thicknesses of the cladding layer and waveguide layer, the ridge-width, and the cavity length were taken into account in the calculation.	计算中考虑了各外延层的厚度、脊宽和腔长的影响.
The spirals consist of step rings. The plane sizes are 1~3μm. The average width of surface steps is 150nm. The height difference between steps is a monolayer (1ML=0.354nm).	螺旋由台阶环构成,平面尺寸为1~3μm,表面台阶平均宽度为150nm,台阶间高度差为一个单原子层(1ML=0.354nm) .
After optimizing the substrate and filament temperatures, the treatment can be reduce to a time within 30min, which is apparently shorter than other hydrogenation techniques.	在优化氢处理时衬底和热丝的温度后,可以把处理时间缩短致30min之内,明显短于其他氢处理技术.
The fabricated micro-mirror actuator has been tested. At a driven voltage of 18V, the torsion angle can be as large as 0.3º	通过对研制的微镜面驱动器进行测试,该驱动器在18V驱动电压时可以达到0.3.
After radiation, the ID-VG characteristic curves of samples are measured by the pseudo-MOSFET technique.	辐照前后,用pseudo-MOSFET方法测试样品的ID-VG特性曲线.
The idea takes function implementation as the purpose but does not take algorithm implementation as the goal.	这种思想以完成功能为目的,不以完成算法为目标.
This design uses 0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS technology. The main functions of the device are: a gain of 18.8dB, a gain flatness of less than 1.4dB, a noise figure of less than 5dB, a 1dB compression point of -2dBm, and 8dBm IIP3.	该设计采用 0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS工艺,器件的主要性能为:增益等于18.8dB,增益平坦度小于1.4dB,噪声系数小于5dB, 1dB压缩点为-2dBm,输入三阶交调为8dBm.
The laser has a threshold current of 57mA and a slope efficiency of approximately 0.32mW/mA.	激光器的阈值电流为57mA,斜率效率约为0.32mW/mA.
Using the oscillation cup method, we put the Si melt under an adjustable magnetic field.	利用魔环磁场,对硅熔体施加横向可调的磁场.
By improving the AlGaN/GaN HFET fabrication technique, we obtain the optimizing technique to increase the device output power. The sapphire substrate fabricated using this technique has a total gate width of 1mm. The device has an output power of up to 4.57W at a frequency of 8GHz, with a power additional efficiency of 55.1%.	通过改进AlGaN/GaN HFET制备工艺,得到提高器件输出功率的优化工艺,采用这一工艺制备的蓝宝石衬底总栅宽为1mm,器件在频率为8GHz时输出功率达到4.57W,功率附加效率为55.1%.
Based on this model, we have analyzed in detail the influence of parameters of the local lifetime region on the forward characteristics of the device.	基于该模型,详细地分析了局域寿命区的参数对器件正向特性的影响.
The VCO has been implemented by a 0.18μm RF/Mixed-Signal CMOS process with chip area of 1260μm×670μm.	该VCO使用0.18μm射频CMOS工艺制作,芯片面积约为1260μm×670μm.
The root mean square of the output signal’s vibration is 4.423ps and the output power is -8.68dBm.	输出信号抖动的均方根值为4.423ps,输出功率为-8.68dBm.
The experiment samples are ZnO bulk single crystals, ZnO film grown directly on Si substrate, and ZnO film grown Si substrate through a SiC buffer layer.	实验样品为ZnO体单晶、在Si基片上直接生长的ZnO薄膜以及通过SiC过渡层在Si基片上生长的ZnO薄膜.
Second, we proposed a method using flat-band capacitance to extract EOT of high-k dielectric, which is able to overcome the effects of the capacitance of the inversion or accumulation layer created by quantum effect.	其次,给出了一种利用平带电容提取高k介质EOT的方法,该方法能克服量子效应所产生的反型层或积累层电容的影响.
Measurement results show that under the condition of 250℃ low-temperature bonding, through 2 hours of 500kPa He saturation pressure, the sample’s hermeticity after BCB packaging achieves (5.5±0.5)E-4Pacc/s He; the shearing stress is between 9.0 and 13.4MPa, achieving the packaging process requirement; and the packaging yield achieves 100%.	测试结果表明:在250°C的低温键合条件下,经过500kPa He气保压2h, BCB封装后样品的气密性达到(5.5±0.5)E-4Pacc/s He;剪切力在9.0~13.4MPa之间,达到了封装工艺要求;封装成品率达到100%.
Based on these analyses, we propose an analog front-end with novel architecture, which features in high power conversion efficiency, low voltage, and low power consumption, and still presents high performance in an environment where noise and power fluctuate.	基于这些分析,提出了一种新架构、高能量转换效率、低电压、低功耗、在噪声和能量波动环境下具有高性能的模拟前端.
Using the normal pressure metal organic chemical vapor deposition technology, we have grown high quality ZnO films on Al2O3(0001) substrates.	采用常压金属有机化学气相沉积技术在Al2O3(0001)衬底上生长出高质量的ZnO薄膜.
Using the plane wave expansion method, we calculated the band gap structures of two-dimensional square lattice photonic crystal. We carried out detailed derivations of the electromagnetic wave theory of two-dimensional photonic crystal and Bloch wave solutions in periodic dielectric. We obtain dispersion curves of photonic crystal with no defects under TE and TM modes. Furthermore, we designed two kinds of two-dimensional photonic crystal spatial periodical structures with larger band gaps in low-frequency range.	用平面波展开法计算二维正方晶格光子晶体的带隙结构,对二维光子晶体的电磁波理论及周期介质中的Bloch波解进行了详细的推导,得出TE模和TM模下无缺陷时光子晶体的色散曲线,并设计了低频区域内具有较大带隙宽度的两种二维光子晶体的空间周期结构.
Using benzo-cyclo-butene(BCB) material We performed a wafer-level low-temperature bonding experiment on silicon wafer and glass wafer at 250℃. We performed an anodic bonding experiment on silicon wafer and glass wafer at 300℃simultaneously. We also performed a comparative study on the hermeticity and the shear stress characteristics.	应用苯并环丁烯(BCB)材料对硅片和玻璃片进行了250°C下的圆片级低温键合实验,同时进行了300°C下的硅片与玻璃片阳极键合实验,并对其气密性和剪切力特性进行了对比研究.
Using Cl2/N2 plasma system, we studied the effects of ICP power, RF power, chamber pressure and Cl2 percentage on the surface profile and the ohmic contact of p-type GaN material during ICP etching.	运用Cl2/N2等离子体系统,系统研究了ICP刻蚀中ICP功率、RF功率、反应室压力和Cl2百分比对p型GaN材料的物理表面形貌和欧姆接触特性的影响.
The design of the transimpedance amplifier has employed the active inductor shunt peaking and noise optimization technology, which overcomes the problem of inadequate bandwidth caused by the large parasitical capacitance of the CMOS photodetector.	跨阻放大器设计采用了有源电感并联峰化和噪声优化技术,克服了CMOS光检测器大寄生电容造成的带宽不够的问题.
MgxZn1-xO(0≤x≤0.65) alloy films have been grown on sapphire c-plane using plasma-assisted molecular beam epitaxy (P-MBE), with the value of x being 0, 0.11, 0.28, 0.44, 0.51, and 0.65, respectively.	利用等离子辅助分子束外延(P-MBE)技术,在蓝宝石c-平面上外延生长了MgxZn1-xO(0≤x≤0.65)合金薄膜,其x值分别为0, 0.11, 0.28, 0.44, 0.51和0.65.
Aiming at the structural characteristics of three-dimensional exposure patterns, combining the self-devised pattern generator, we have presented a method to calculate the mode of electron beam overlapped increment scanning, the relationship and sensitivity between exposure doses and etching depths.	针对三维曝光图形的结构特点,结合自行设计的图形发生器,提出了电子束重复增量扫描方式及曝光剂量与刻蚀深度关系和灵敏度的计算方法.
We have experimentally studied the time-domain waveform and FFT frequency spectrum distribution of the obtained THz pulses by the electro-optic sampling technology of the THz generated by the ZnSe single crystal optical rectification. The THz radiation field was measured at 113fs and a corresponding 5.8THz frequency distribution, with its peak at around 3THz.	实验研究了ZnSe单晶的光学整流THz产生,借助电光取样技术得到THz脉冲的时域波形和FFT频谱分布,观察到约113fs的THz辐射场分布,及相应约5.8THz的频谱分布,辐射峰位于3THz左右.
Accuracy of the traditional analytical approximation of surface potential is significantly improved by adding a high-order approximation term in the formula for the surface potential.	通过在表面势公式中增加一高阶近似项,大大提高了传统表面势的解析近似精度.
We proposed a SiC MESFET epitaxial material fabricated on a semi-insulated 50mm SiC substrate using a hot wall reactor.	介绍了用热壁反应炉在50mm SiC半绝缘衬底上制备的SiC MESFET 外延材料.
We have measured the resistivities at different annealing temperatures. We find that high temperature annealing is beneficial for the substitute excitation of vanadium and the increase of resistivity. Due to the effect of vanadium diffusion, annealing at 1700oC causes the resistivity to decrease slightly.	测量了不同退火温度下的电阻率,发现高温退火有利于钒的替位激活和提高电阻率,由于钒扩散的影响1700°C退火使得电阻率略有下降.
The total dose resistance of fully-depleted SOI NMOSFETs is studied at different biases. In particular, the effect of bias on the generation and distribution of trapped charges in the device and hence on the performance of the device is discussed.	研究了不同偏置条件下,全耗尽SOI NMOSFET的总剂量抗辐射特性,主要讨论不同偏置条件对器件中陷获电荷的产生和分布,以及由此对器件性能产生的影响.
GaN Schottky barrier ultra-violet detectors with a reverse saturation current of 5.5e-14A/cm2 and a barrier height of 1.18eV have been fabricated.	制作了反向饱和电流为5.5e-14A/cm2,势垒高度为1.18eV的GaN肖特基势垒紫外探测器.
Both nMOS and pMOS transistors with two-edged and multi-finger gate layouts are fabricated in a standard commercial 0.6μm bulk CMOS process to study their total ionizing dose (TID) radiation effects after γ-ray radiation.	在商用标准0.6μm体硅CMOS工艺下,设计了采用普通单栅及多栅版图结构的nMOS和pMOS晶体管作为测试样品,讨论其经过γ射线照射后的总剂量辐照特性.
The built-in electric field generated by piezoelectric effect is approximately 3E5V/cm.	由压电效应引起的内建电场约为3E5V/cm.
A high performance passive UHF RFID electronic label analog front-end that is compatible with ISO/IEC 18000-6B standard is proposed, which has a current lower than 8μA when operating in the 915MHz ISM band.	提出了一种符合ISO/IEC 18000-6B标准的高性能无源UHF RFID电子标签模拟前端,在915MHz ISM频带下工作时其电流小于8μA.
By studying SiC key processing techniques, we designed a primary feasible technological process and have fabricated n-channel 4H-SiC MESFETs with a single gate width of 100μm, a total gate width of 1mm, and a gate length of 0.8μm. The microwave properties measurement results are: when 2GHz,Vds＝30V, the maximum output power is 1.14W, with a gain of 4.58dB, power added efficiency of 19%, and drain efficiency of 28.7%.	通过对SiC关键工艺技术进行研究,设计出初步可行的工艺流程,并且制作出单栅宽100μm,总栅宽1mm,栅长0.8μm的n沟道4H-SiC MESFET,其微波特性测试结果为:在2GHz, Vds=30V时,最大输出功率为1.14W,相应增益为4.58dB,功率附加效率为19%,漏极效率为28.7%.
The phase noise changes only by about 2dB in the tuning range because the use of pn-junctions as varactors.	由于利用pn结二级管作为变容管,在调频范围内,相位噪声仅改变约2dB.
A novel method for testing the active matrix OLED TFT array is presented, which is carried out simultaneously with the TFT fabrication process.	提出了一种检测有源驱动OLED TFT阵列的方法,这种电流检测方法是结合TFT的制作工艺进行的.
To summarize the above results, we believe that as far as the reliability of the 0.18μm CMOS process is concerned, Vbd is a more appropriate evaluation index.	综合以上结果,可以认为对0.18μm CMOS工艺可靠性评价而言,击穿电压是比较合适的评价指标
The ITO glass substrates were placed in the Al2O3 polishing liquid with different particle sizes and exposed to ultrasonic treatment for different time lengths. We discovered that the performance of the device varies with the particle size of the Al2O3 polishing liquid, the time length of the ultrasonic treatment, and ITO surface quality.	将ITO玻璃片分别放入Al2O3水选分级后的不同粒度的抛光液中,进行不同时间的超声处理,发现随着Al2O3抛光液粒度不同、超声时间的不同、ITO的表面质量不同,器件的性能都有不同程度的变化.
Results of this model agree well with the numerical simulation results by MEDICI, which indicates the accuracy of the model. This model provides a new approach for analyzing and controlling the threshold voltage of a nonuniformly-doped completely-depleted SOI-MOSFET in real cases.	模型结果与MEDICI数值模拟结果符合得很好,表明了模型的准确性,这为实践中分析与控制非均匀掺杂的全耗尽SOI-MOSFET的阈值电压提供了一种新的途径.
The threshold of the switch can be set by adjusting the bias voltage, which can be self-latched.	此开关的阈值开关点可以通过偏置电压的改变进行调节设置,同时具有自锁定功能.
Based on the mechanisms of the hydrophilic and hydrophobic bonding, we studied the effect of these two treating methods on the transmission of the interface and performed visible light transmission spectrum test on the samples. The results showed that the interface bonded using the hydrophobic method can achieve a transmittance up to 94.7% for the vertically incident 630nm light. The devices fabricated from the bonded samples have undergone the electroluminescence (EL) measurement, which results verify those of the transmission spectrum test.	从亲疏水键合机理的不同出发,研究了两种处理方法对于界面透光性的影响,对键合样品进行了可见光透射谱测试,实验结果表明疏水键合界面对于垂直入射的630nm的光可以获得高达94.7%的透过率,并将键合样品加工成器件进行电致发光(EL)谱测试,实验结果与透射谱测试结果一致.
In this paper, a power amplifier of a mixed integrated circuit with power combining based on AlGaN/GaN HEMTs was fabricated and measured.	研制了一种基于AlGaN/GaN HEMT的功率合成技术的混合集成放大器电路.
Using the heat growth technique and the heat evaporation method, we obtain CuPc and SiO2 film layers respectively. Using an atomic force microscope and the X-ray photoelectron energy spectra, we have investigated the electron states on the surface interface. Furthermore, we have analyzed in detail each spectrum by means of Gaussian fitting.	利用热生长工艺和热蒸发方法分别获得CuPc和SiO2薄膜层,通过原子力显微镜和X射线光电子能谱对其表面界面电子状态进行了研究,并采用高斯拟合方法对各谱进行了详细分析.
An adaptive algorithm and an internal 576-tap digital filter perform all the functions required for ghost cancellation.	采用自适应算法与内置576抽头数字滤波器完成重影消除的所有功能.
In AGC, a novel current-limited transconductor and feed-forward differential peak detector have been designed to maintain a high compression ratio and fast response with lower power consumption.	自动增益控制环中采用了新型的限流跨导器和带前馈的差分峰值检测器,从而以较低的功耗实现了较高的压缩比及较快的响应速度.
The measurement of the I-V characteristic curve of the heterojunction indicates that the heterojunction presents different rectification properties from ordinary diodes, whose reverse current is not saturated. Based on this, we have proposed an energy band model.	对异质结I-V特性曲线的测量表明,异质结呈现出与普通二极管不同的整流特性,其反向电流不饱和,据此提出了能带模型.
The core of the circuit is composed of 6 cascaded traditional differential amplifiers, an output buffer, and a DC offset cancellation feedback loop.	核心电路包含6级级联的传统差分放大器,一个输出缓冲和一个直流失调补偿反馈环路.
As a comparison, we performed experiments on all the normal 10Ω·cm CZ silicon solar cells.	作为对比,对全部常规10Ω・cm的CZ单晶硅太阳电池也进行了实验.
We have investigated the effect of the reverse substrate bias on the endurance degradation of the ETOXTM-structured FLASH memory cell devices under the condition of a hot carrier writing stress of VFG≈VD/2.	研究了ETOXTM结构FLASH memory单元器件在VFG≈VD/2的热载流子写入应力条件下,衬底负偏置对单元器件耐久性退化的影响.
A novel approximation of two dimensional distribution of the electric potential perpendicular to the channel is presented. An analytical model for the threshold voltage of nonuniformly-doped completely-depleted SOI-MOSFET with a Gaussian distribution of impurity concentration is also provided based on this approximation.	对垂直于沟道的二维电势分布函数提出了一种新的近似,给出了基于这种近似的杂质浓度呈高斯分布的非均匀掺杂全耗尽SOI-MOSFET的阈值电压解析模型.
The proposed variable gain amplifier consists of a variable transconductor and a novel variable output resistor and can offer a high gain variation range of 80dB while using a single variable-gain stage.	利用可变跨导和新颖的可变输出电阻,基于单独可变增益级的放大器可提供80dB的宽范围调节.
The method is simple and feasible. It to some extent solved birefringent fiber Sagnac loop filter’s temperature-sensitivity problem and puts the device one step closer to real world application.	这种方法简单可行,并在一定程度上解决了双折射Sagnac滤波器温度敏感的问题,使器件的实用化进程向前迈进了一步.
The threshold current of the device is decreased from 560mA to 450mA, the slope efficiency is increased from 0.61W/A to 0.7W/A, and the output power is increased from 370mW to 940mW. The operating current at times of catastrophic optical damage is increased from the original 1100mA to 1820mA.	器件的阈值电流从界面改善前的560mA减小到改善后的450mA,斜率效率也从0.61W/A提高到了0.7W/A,特别是单面最大输出功率已经从370mW增加到了940mW,发生灾变性光学损伤时的工作电流已经由原来的1100mA上升为1820mA.
By fitting with the temperature-threshold voltage curves obtained from experiments, we determined the parameters of the surface states and the fixed oxide charges.	采用与温度-阈值电压实验曲线拟合的方法,确定了界面态参数和固定氧化物电荷.
Thermal finite element analysis is an important tool in the thermal analysis of MCM.	热有限元分析法是多芯片组件热分析的重要方法.
Test results show that the impurity concentration and compensation ratio have a big influence on the electric properties of SiC at low temperature. The electric properties of lightly compensated 6H-SiC is influenced through both different energy levels of nitrogen donors, while the heavily compensated 6H-SiC is influnced through the accepter energy levels at low temperature, and the latter’s peak in the mobility vs. temperature curve decreases and shifts to the right.	实验结果表明:杂质浓度和补偿度对低温下SiC的电性能有很大影响,轻度补偿的掺氮6H-SiC是施主氮的两个能级共同起作用;而重度补偿的6H-SiC在低温时则是受主能级起作用,并且后者迁移率随温度变化曲线的峰值降低并右移.
The interface characters of Si/Si bonding strength have been investigated by tensile strength. The results show that the bonding strength exceeds 1.27MPa. I-V tests show that the interface of Si/Ti/Au/Ti/Si is an Ohmic contact, and moreover, XPS tests indicate that the interface mainly comprises an Si-Au eutectic alloy.	采用拉伸强度测试对Si/Si键合结构的界面特性进行测试,结果表明,键合强度高于1.27MPa; I-V测试表明,Si/Ti/Au/Ti/Si键合界面基本为欧姆接触;X射线光电子能谱(XPS)测试结果进一步表明,界面主要为Si-Au共晶合金.
Since SiC has an extremely high hardness, there are many difficulties in the subsequent processes, including cutting and polishing.	由于SiC硬度非常高,对单晶后续的加工造成很多困难,包括切割和磨抛.
SiGe is an indirect band gap material and the absorption parameter is very small. Thus the SiGe detector has very low quantum efficiency at an infrared wave band.	SiGe是间接带隙材料,吸收系数非常小,因而SiGe探测器在红外波段的量子效率很低.
We measured the changes of the typical electronic parameters of SiGe HBTs irradiated by pulse neutron and gamma rays from a reactor.	测量了反应堆脉冲中子及γ辐照SiGe HBT典型电参数变化.
Research results show that, under the influence of Oxygen atoms, N1s, C1s, O1s, and Cu2p all show some chemical shift, which results in the change of interaction strength between atoms, and that this might be one of the reasons for reduced OFET quality.	研究结果表明,在氧原子的作用下,N1s, C1s, O1s 和Cu2p都经受了一定的化学位移,从而使得各原子间的相互作用强度有所改变,这可能是导致OFET性能劣化的重要原因之一。
The novel design on the kernel circuit of the chip of the charger ensures the realization of the CC-CV charging mode.	对这块充电器芯片核心电路的创新设计,保证了这种CC-CV充电模式的实现.
The main device parameter variations for UDSM processes are analyzed. Based on the "amplifying" approach, simple circuits were designed for measuring the gate delay, dynamic power, leakage power, and their variations for a 90nm process. A novel circuit that measures the gate delay variation curve for a UDSM process using a shorter inverter link is presented.	分析了超深亚微米工艺参数波动对电路的影响;采用“放大”的思路设计了简单的用于测量超深亚微米工艺门延迟、动态功耗、静态功耗及其波动的电路,并提出了一种用于测量门延迟波动特性曲线的新型电路,该电路采用较短的反相器链可以得到超深亚微米工艺下门延迟波动特性曲线.
This paper presents a 155Mbps limiting amplifier for an STM-1 optical receiver's main amplifiers of SDH optical communication.	描述了用于SDH光纤通信STM-1速率级光接收机主放大器的155Mbps限幅放大器.
The relation between the maximum temperature inside a LDMOS device and the switching frequency has been studied.	研究了LDMOS器件内部的最高温度与开关频率之间的关系.
The experiments revealed the laws between the evaporation rates of Si and SiO2, and the reflectivity index, and the advantages of the technique were discussed.	从实验上得出了混合膜层的折射率随Si和SiO2蒸发速率比变化的规律,并讨论了这种淀积方法的优越性.
Test results show that Ib increases considerably after radiation, while Ic remains roughly the same, indicating that the increase of Ib is the main reason for the degradation of the current gain.	实验结果显示,辐照后基极电流(Ib) 明显增大,而集电极电流(Ic)基本不变,表明Ib的增加是电流增益退化的主要原因.
The transient simulations also indicate that the circuit speed and power consumption are greatly influenced by the ambient temperature.	瞬态模拟也表明电路的速度和功耗受外界环境温度的影响较大.
This indicates that the satellite current peak results from the THz photon-assisted electron tunneling.	这表明附加电流峰是由THz光子辅助电子隧穿产生的.
Finally, we did regression analysis on the simulation results and obtained the optimized parameters for the laser bonding process, which provides a theoretical basis for further studying the laser bonding process.	最后通过对仿真结果进行回归分析,得到激光键合工艺的最优参数,为进一步研究激光键合工艺提供了理论依据.
We proposed the circuit design of a 12bit high-speed D/A converter. By using a 2μm isoplanar high-speed bipolar process, we developed a 12bit D/A converter circuit with data refresh rate ≥80MHz, linear error ≤3LSB, and differential nonlinearity ≤3LSB.	介绍了高速12位D/A转换器的电路设计,采用2μm等平面高速双极工艺,研制出数据更新率≥80MHz,线性误差≤3LSB,微分非线性≤3LSB的12位D/A转换器电路.
We proposed a small-area low-power RFID RF front end circuit design scheme which is applicable to EPC Gen2 protocol.	提出了一个适用于EPC Gen2协议的小面积低功耗RFID射频前端电路的设计方案.
This is of significance to the quality evaluation of LEDs.	这对于LED的品质评价具有重要意义.
The results of time-resolved L-I measurements, time-resolved far-field and spectra measurements under short pulsed operation, show that the temperature step between the inside and the outside of the ridge will improve the confinement of higher order modes, leading to a decrease of the threshold current and an increase of the slope efficiency of the device.	短脉冲工作下的时间分辨L-I测试以及时间分辨远场和光谱测试结果显示,脊形内外的温度台阶会改善波导对高阶模的限制,导致器件的阈值电流下降,斜率效率升高.
The inductor was fabricated using a silicon-glass bonding-deep etching, molding and releasing technology combined with electroless plating. An silicon spiral of about 40μm-thick is formed. The surface of the silicon spiral is plated with highly conformal copper coating, whose surface is again plated with a thin nickel passivation film.	采用一种硅玻璃键合-深刻蚀成型释放工艺并结合无电镀技术制作该电感,形成厚约40μm的硅螺线,在硅螺线表面镀有高保形厚铜镀层,在铜镀层表面镀有起钝化保护作用的薄镍镀层.
Based on the development of thin epitaxial transverse power integration technology, we proposed a novel voltage endurance technology of REBULT (REduced BULk Field), and designed a new REBULF LDMOS structure with an n+ floating layer.	针对薄外延横向功率集成技术的发展,提出一种降低体内电场REBULF(REduced BULk Field)的新耐压技术,并设计了一例具有n+浮空层的REBULF LDMOS新结构.
We carried out AFM scanning on the surface of the organic/inorganic photodetector PTCDA/p-Si sample. The results indicated that the growth mode of PTCDA was island mode, with every island being a hillock shape. The islands are not uniformly distributed. There are a lot of defects in the PTCDA layer.	对有机/无机光电探测器PTCDA/p-Si样品表面进行AFM测试,结果表明PTCDA呈岛状生长,各岛成圆丘状,岛的分布不均匀,PTCDA层中存在大量缺陷.
Through chemical techniques, a Ni source is formed on the a-Si surface, and the disk-like large grain poly-Si is formed through the use of metal-induced crystallization (MIC).	用化学法在非晶硅表面形成Ni源,经金属诱导晶化(MIC)得到了大晶粒碟型多晶硅.
Changes of electrical noises and CTR have been measured with current varying in a wide range, and the results validated the model proposed above.	在输入电流宽范围变化的条件下,测量了器件的电学噪声和CTR变化,实验结果验证了以上模型的正确性.
We proposed a 0.18μm CMOS mixer in the low intermediate frequency receiver based on the GSM1900(PCS1900) standard.	介绍了一种0.18μm CMOS工艺基于GSM1900(PCS1900)标准低中频接收机中的混频器.
By means of direct bonding, we fabricated Fabry-Perot micro-cavity resonator structures. We carried out a theoretical simulation for their reflective spectra using the transfer matrix method.	采用直接键合方法制备了法布里-珀罗共振微腔结构,并用传输矩阵方法对其反射光谱进行了理论模拟.
On the basis of the SOI structure of single step buried oxides, we have proposed a new SOI structure of double step buried oxides.	在单面阶梯埋氧型SOI结构的基础上,提出了一种双面阶梯埋氧SOI新结构.
The results derived by this model are in agreement with those of corresponding circuit simulations and experiments.	该模型所导出的结果与相应的电路模拟和电路模拟实验结果相一致.
The method of Si ion implantation into the buried oxide with a post anneal is adopted to improve the total-dose radiation hardness of separation-by-implanted-oxygen (SIMOX) silicon-on-insulator (SOI) material.	为了提高SIMOX SOI材料抗总剂量辐照的能力,采用硅注入绝缘埋层后退火得到改性的SIMOX SOI材料.
The simulation results showed that, compared to Si-Si 3D CMOS structure, the Si-SiGe 3D CMOS integrated circuit structure presented in this paper is superior in terms of speed.	模拟结果表明,与Si-Si三维CMOS结构相比,文中提出的Si-SiGe材料三维CMOS集成电路结构具有明显的速度优势.
The experimental results show that the bondline becomes wider at higher laser powers and smaller scanning velocities.	实验表明,激光功率越大,扫描速度越小,键合线的宽度就越大.
The pixel pitch is 8μm×8μm with a fill factor of 57%.	在8μm×8μm像素尺寸下实现了57%的填充因子.
The resonant frequency of the accelerometer is 2.08kHz, the quality factor Q is 21.4, and the sensitivity is 93.7mV/g.	该加速度计的谐振频率为2.08kHz,品质因子Q为21.4,灵敏度为93.7mV/g.
The Ni2Si and amorphous C film are etched away selectively, followed by deposition of new metal films without annealing.	去除Ni2Si合金相与无定型C之后重新淀积金属,不经退火即可形成欧姆接触.
Design considerations, especially the power transmission in the radio-frequency identification tag, are analyzed.	分析了设计中的考虑因素,尤其是射频电子标签的能量传输.
We have investigated the techniques and properties of implanting high energy vanadium of 2100keV into 4H-SiC to fabricate the semi-insulating layer. We perform simulations of the concentration distribution of the implanted layer with the Monte Carlo analysis software TRIM.	研究了2100keV高能量钒注入4H-SiC制备半绝缘层的方法和特性,注入层的浓度分布用蒙特卡罗分析软件TRIM进行模拟.
The mixer adopted a novel folded Gilbert cell structure.	该混频器采用了一种新型的折叠式吉尔伯特单元结构.
Based on the Semi-super junction (SJ) structure, we have presented a partial super junction (PSJ) high-voltage device concept that the SJ ratio may gradually vary from 0 to 1.	基于Semi-SJ (super junction)结构,提出了SJ的比例可以从0~1渐变的PSJ (partial super junction)高压器件的概念.
In this paper, the finite element method is used to establish a numerical model for the 3D temperature distribution during the Si/glass laser bonding with a moving Gaussian thermal source.	本文利用有限元法建立了移动高斯热源作用下硅/玻璃激光键合的三维温度场数值分析模型.
The phenomenon of a relatively large Voffset caused by a high alloying temperature is interpreted using the Schottky clamping theory.	用肖特基钳位理论解释了合金温度过高导致Voffset偏大的现象.
The Czochralski silicon irradiated fast neutron is treated with the rapid thermal process (RTP) at 650°C and 120°C. The thermal donors are activated at 450°C for different periods of heating process. The Oxide content change among the intervals is tested by Fourier transform infrared spectrometry (FTIR) through a four-point probe measurement of the change of resistance and carrier concentration.	对快中子辐照的直拉硅分别进行了650°C和120°C快速(RTP)预热处理.450°C下不同时间热处理激发热施主,通过四探针测量电阻率和载流子浓度的变化规律,应用傅里叶红外光谱(FTIR)测量间隙氧含量的变化.
The clock recovery is based on a PLL.	时钟恢复由一个锁相环实现.
A design of a low-dropout (LDO) voltage regulator with an output current of 800mA is presented. Utilizing the MOS transistors which work in the linear region and have the properties of voltage-controlled resistance, a pole-zero tracking circuit is constructed to cancel out the pole that varies with current. By employing the improved Miller compensation, a phase margin of 60° is achieved for the circuit system.	以设计输出电流为800mA的高稳定线性稳压器(low-dropout voltage regulator,LDO)为目标,利用工作在线性区的MOS管具有压控电阻特性,构造零点跟踪电路以抵消随输出电流变化的极点,并且采用了改进型米勒补偿方案使电路系统具有60°的相位裕度,达到了大输出电流下的高稳定性要求.
At the same time, by considering the effects of the polarization charges and the barrier height, we propose a specific optimization method and give the physical explanation.	同时,综合考虑了极化电荷和势垒高度的影响,提出了具体的优化方法,并给予了物理解释.
The results from the RSD discharging experiment are compared with the computational results and the cause of the errors is analyzed, which confirms the rationality of the physical model and the numerical method.	通过RSD的放电实验与模型计算进行比较,分析了误差产生的原因,论证了物理模型本身及数值方法的合理性.
The results show that neural networks with two hidden layers have a high training speed and accuracy but the number of neurons in the hidden layers does not have a noticeable effect; for single and double-gate nanoscale MOSFETs, the carriers’ quantum density can be quickly calculated by neural networks and its results strongly agree with the Schrodinger-Poisson equation.	结果表明:含有2个隐层的神经网络具有高的训练速度和精度,但隐层神经元数对速度和精度的影响并不明显;对于单栅和双栅纳米MOSFET,其载流子量子密度可以通过神经网络进行快速计算,其结果与Schrodinger-Poisson方程的吻合程度很高.
The shows that the analysis result obtained by Vbd is more reliable.	这说明用击穿电压获得的分析结果更可靠.
The micro-structures of the interfaces of three different BGA solder joints made of Sn37Pb, Sn3.0Ag0.5Cu, and Sn0.7Cu under the effect of electromigration have been studied.	研究了Sn37Pb, Sn3.0Ag0.5Cu和Sn0.7Cu三种焊料BGA焊点在电迁移作用下界面的微观组织结构.
We proposed the principle and method of integrated circuits testing based on ATE, including electrical property testing principle and functional properties test principle. We proposed in detail universal testing methods and some popular special testing methods of nowadays. We performed a common failure analysis with the example of a specific circuit whose functions are relatively complete and typical.	介绍了基于ATE的集成电路的测试原理和方法,包括电气特性测试原理和功能测试原理,详细地介绍了通用的测试方法以及一些当今流行的比较特殊的测试方法,并以一个功能较为全面而典型的具体电路为例进行了常见的故障分析.
When the effective confinement length of the quantum dot l0＞0.7, the influence of the interaction between phonons on the ground state energy of the bound magnetopolaron in a semiconductor quantum dot must be taken into account.	当量子点的有效受限长度l<sub>0</sub>>0.7时,必须考虑声子之间相互作用对半导体量子点中束缚磁极化子的基态能量的影响.
Photoluminescence spectrum results indicate that the bonding process has very little impact on the inner crystal structures.	光致发光谱观测结果表明,键合工艺对晶体内部结构的影响很小.
The dependences of the ground state energy of a bound polaron in a quantum well on the Coulomb binding potential, electric field, and well width are derived.	推导出量子阱中束缚极化子的基态能量和库仑束缚势、电场和阱宽的变化关系.
N-wells are created by P+ ion implantation into a Si-face p-type 4H-SiC epilayer.	通过在Si面p型4H-SiC外延层上使用P+离子注入来形成n阱.
The goal of this method is to verify whether the design function is consistent with the design intention, or, more precisely speaking, whether the printed images are consistent with the designs.	该方法的目的是验证设计功能与设计目的是否一致,更精确地说,使刻印出来的图像与设计一致.
Change of the micro-structure and the optoelectronic properties of ZnO thin films grown by MOCVD at different B2H6 flow rates has been studied.	研究了MOCVD技术制备的不同B2H6掺杂流量下ZnO薄膜的微观结构和光电性能变化.
Using Ni metal induced growth and ultra-high vacuum chemical vapor deposition system, poly-SiGe films were fabricated on Si-oxide substrate at low temperature.	采用金属Ni诱导与超高真空化学气相沉积相结合的方法,低温下在氧化Si衬底上制备出了多晶GeSi薄膜.
Theoretical models for the recombination width and external quantum efficiency in organic electro-phosphorescence devices are established based on experience formula and T-T annihilation.	从经验公式出发,基于T-T湮灭过程,建立了有机磷光电致发光器件中复合宽度和外量子效率的理论模型.
InP colloidal quantum dots have been prepared by the dehalosilylation reaction between anhydrous InCl3 and P(Si(CH3)3)3, using trioctylphosphine oxide (TOPO) as solution.	以三辛基氧化膦(TOPO)作为溶剂,利用无水InCl3和P(Si(CH3)3)3之间的脱卤硅烷基反应合成了InP胶体量子点.
When growing an InAlGaN epitaxial layer, we obtained two dimensional growth of the epitaxial film.	在生长InAlGaN外延层时,获得了外延膜的二维生长.
Designs of structure and layouts of micro-sensors made of silicon based lead zirconate titanate (PZT) piezoelectric films have been carried out.	对硅基锆钛酸铅(PZT)压电薄膜微传感器进行了结构和版图设计.
These results indicate that the EEHEMT1 model can be used for extracting the component parameters of an enhancement-mode PHEMT, and that our method is operable.	结果表明EEHEMT1模型可以用于提取增强型PHEMT参数,并且具有可操作性.
With microelectronics plane technology, RF sputtering was used to deposit Mo to form a Schottky contact and electron beam evaporation was used to deposit Ni to form an Ohmic contact, and the terminal surface protection is realized by a three-level field limiting ring.	采用微电子平面工艺,射频溅射Mo作肖特基接触,电子束热蒸发金属Ni作欧姆接触,三级场限环终端表面保护.
A large number of hexagonal etching pits (dislocation outcrops) emerges on the GaN surface.	GaN表面出现了大量的六角腐蚀坑(位错露头).
Up until now, there is no report of such result internationally.	目前,该结果国际上还未见报道.
At room temperature, the threshold current is 160mA (current density is 2.7kA/cm2), and the power can be over 10mW (with a current about 350mA). 1.55μm long wavelength long edge-emitting lasers were integrated with Si.	室温下,阈值电流160mA(电流密度为2.7kA/cm2) ,功率可达10mW以上(在约350mA电流下),实现了1.55μm长波长边发射激光器与Si的集成.
In the calculation, the change of electron effective mass and dielectric constant with spatial coordinate (or alloy composition) is considered.	在计算中考虑了电子有效带质量和介电常数随空间坐标(或合金组分)的变化因素.
We performed simulations of the performance of the novel power switch using multidimensional device simulation software – ISE.	用多维器件模拟软件ISE对这种新型功率开关进行了特性仿真.
Based on SMIC 0.18μm digital CMOS technology, we designed a folded cascode operational amplifier (OPAMP) based on gain-boosted technology. We use a substrate calibration technique to enlarge the OPAMP input range, which is applicable for a 13 bit pipeline analog-digital converter with a sampling frequency of 30MHz. We analyzed the OPAMP performance, which is limited by the pipeline performance.	基于SMIC 0.18μm数字CMOS工艺,设计了一种基于增益增强技术的折叠式共源共栅运算放大器,并采用衬底校准技术增大了运放的输入摆幅,可用于13位30MHz采样频率的流水线模数转换器,分析了受流水线性能限制的运放性能.
A single-phase n-type (AgIn)xPb1-2xTe compound co-doped with Ag and In has been synthesized using the melting reaction method and the effect of the composition of (AgIn), x, on the constituent phases and the thermoelectric property of (AgIn)xPb1-2xTe (x=0.01~0.05) has been studied.	用高温熔融法合成了Ag和In共掺的单相n型(AgIn)xPb1-2xTe化合物,研究了(AgIn)掺杂量x对(AgIn)xPb1-2xTe(x=0.01~0.05)物相组成及热电性能的影响.
With shortening the channel, the proportion of source/drain extensions in the channel increases, and their effects can no longer be ignored.	随着沟道尺寸的缩短,源/漏扩展区占据沟道的比例越来越大,源漏扩展区的影响不再可以忽略不计.
After facet coating at room temperature, the threshold current of the LDs is about 18±5mA, and the operating current is about 60±5mA at an output power of 8mW.	室温下腔面镀膜后激光器管芯的阈值电流为18±5mA, 8mW输出功率时的工作电流为60±5mA.
The test on the response time showed a rise time as short as 14.3ns and a fall time of 6.5μm of the detector.	对响应时间的测试表明,探测器的上升时间仅为14.3ns,下降时间为6.5μs.
Then, by performing a scanning experiment, we determined the main process parameters affecting laser bonding such as laser power, laser scanning speed, and initial bonding temperature.	然后通过漏选试验确定影响激光键合的主要工艺参数有激光功率、激光扫描速度及键合初始温度.
BSIM5 is a new generation physics-based BSIM model developed to meet the needs of RF high-speed CMOS circuit simulation with the properties of symmetry, continuity, and fewer parameters.	BSIM5是为满足RF和高速CMOS电路模拟要求而发展的新一代物理基础的BSIM模型, 具有对称、连续和参数少的特点.
a zero and a feed-forward structure have been introduced into the storage unit of the peak detector to control the damping characteristic of the AGC loop.	通过在峰值存储单元中引入零点及在峰值检测电路中引入前馈,实现了对自动增益控制环阻尼特性的调整.
AlAs/GaAs/InGaAs double-barrier-single-well RTDs of different structures have been grown on semi-insulating GaAs substrate by molecular beam epitaxy.	用分子束外延技术在半绝缘GaAs衬底上生长制备了不同结构的AlAs/GaAs/InGaAs两垒一阱RTD单管.
Using 3.3V power and an intermediate frequency of 100kHz, the mixer achieved a conversion gain of 6dB, a noise figure of 18.5dB (1MHz intermediate frequency), and high linearity of 11.5dBm IIP3, while consuming a 7mA current.	在3.3V电源电压、中频频率为100kHz的情况下,该混频器达到了6dB的转换增益,18.5dB的噪声系数(1MHz中频)和11.5dBm IIP3的高线性度,同时仅消耗7mA电流.
Using the electro-optic and the thermo-optic effects of organic polymer materials, we have studied and fabricated a 2×2 adiabatic branch waveguide digital optical switch. By means of optical fiber direct coupling, we have measured the digital switch properties of the device at the 1.31μm infrared communication wave band.	利用有机聚合物材料的电光效应和热光效应研究并制作2×2绝热分叉波导数字型光开关,采用光纤直接耦合方法测量了器件在1.31μm红外光通信波段的数字开关特性.
In order to obtain a high data transmission rate, a mixer-based direct up-conversion transmitter architecture is employed.	为了获得高的数据传输速率,采用了基于混频器的直接上变换发射机结构.
Moreover, the generation of trapped charges is closely related to the electric field, hence the distribution and concentration of trapped charges are quite different, resulting in different influences on the device.	而俘获电荷的产生与电场又有着紧密的联系,所以造成了俘获电荷的分布和密度有很大的不同,从而对器件的影响也不同.
We report a 30Gbit/s parallel optical receiver module developed on a CMOS receiver chip and 1×12 GaAs photodetector array.	报道了一种基于CMOS工艺接收电路芯片和GaAs工艺1×12光电探测器阵列的30Gbit/s并行光接收模块.
Compared with the existing gate-cathode layouts of GCT, the gate-cathode layout designed with this method, under the precondition of a uniform current distribution during the process of switching, can increase the effective cathode area of GCT, decrease the thermal resistance, and improve the current capability.	与现有的GCT门-阴极图形相比,用该方法设计的门-阴极图形,在保证开关过程中电流均匀分布的前提下,可增加GCT的有效阴极面积,减小热阻,并提高电流容量.
The technique of using arrayed waveguide grating (AWG) to implement single-fiber triplexer wavelength division multiplexer (WDM) has many advantages.	利用阵列波导光栅实现单纤三重波分复用器是一种具有很多优点的方法.
We were able to control the width of silicon nanowires by isotropic and anisotropic self-stop etching with masks of SiO2 and Si3N4. In addition, we were able to control the thickness of the nanowire on SOI material by thermal oxidation, and we mass produced silicon nanowires.	通过运用Si3N4和SiO2作掩膜,采用各向同性和各向异性腐蚀液,利用硅的腐蚀自停止特性,实现了硅梁的纳米宽度控制,同时利用多次氧化在SOI材料上实现了纳米厚度控制,最终成功批量制作了硅纳米线.
The design and the fabrication were based on the SMIC 0.18μm CMOS process.	设计和流片基于SMIC 0.18μm CMOS工艺.
The IP module includes a low-dropout regulating circuit, charge-pump boost/buck circuit, VCOM driving circuit, and VGOFF driving circuit, and is able to provide both system operating voltage for driving the chip and the driving voltage for the TFT-LCD.	该IP模块包括低压降线性稳压电路、电荷泵升压/反压电路、VCOM驱动电路和VGOFF驱动电路等,能够提供驱动芯片的系统工作电压和TFT-LCD的驱动电压.
The results show that at different current bias, with suitably changing the polarization of the self-seeding light, the peak of relaxation oscillation of the frequency response curves can be restrained significantly.	实验结果表明,在不同的偏置电流下,适当改变自注入光的偏振状态,频率响应曲线的张弛振荡峰可以得到很好地抑制.
The solution and the entire direct conversion WLAN receiver were taped out by 0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS technology and have been tested.	该方案及整个直下变频的WLAN接收机已经采用0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS工艺流片并测试.
A microwave power amplifier fabricated using 1mm SiC MESFET achieved a continuous output power of 4.09W, a power gain of 9.3dB, and a PAE of 31.3%, when operating at 2GHz 64V.	利用1mm栅宽SiC MESFET制成的微波功率放大器在2GHz 64V工作时,连续波输出功率达4.09W,功率增益为9.3dB, PAE为31.3%.
After annealing, the sample still exhibited good ohmic contact when working at a high temperature of 500°C. The contact resistivity increases with increasing measurement temperature and the dependence is closely related to the doping level.	退火后样品在500°C高温下工作仍能显示出良好的欧姆接触特性;接触电阻率随测量温度的增加而增大,且增加幅度与掺杂浓度有密切关系.
Based on the analysis of the gate-cathode structures of gate turn-off thyristors (GTO) and gate commutated thyristors (GCT), according to the current commutation mechanism of a GCT during turn-off, we have presented a new approach to design the gate-cathode layout of GCT.	在分析门极可关断晶闸管(GTO)和门极换流晶闸管(GCT)门-阴极结构的基础上,依据GCT关断时的换流机理,提出了一种新的GCT门-阴极图形的设计方法.
Both the X-ray diffraction and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy of the sample show that there is a noticeable phenomenon of In surface segregation in InxGa1-xN samples at growth temperatures of both 620℃ and 690℃. However, when the growth temperature increases to 740℃, the phenomenon of In surface segregation was effectively suppressed in the InxGa1-xN samples obtained.	样品的X射线衍射谱和X射线光电子能谱均显示:在生长温度为620°C和690°C时所生长的InxGa1-xN样品中均存在明显的In的表面分凝现象;而生长温度升至740°C时所得到的InxGa1-xN样品中,In的表面分凝现象得到了有效抑制.
When the eye diagram closure of the input signal was 0.5UI and the differential peak-to-peak of the signal was 150mV, the bit error rate of the receiver was less than 1e-12.	接收器在输入信号眼图闭合0.5UI,信号差分峰-峰值150mV条件下误码率小于1e-12.
Testing results indicate that the temperature coefficient achieves 44ppm/oC and the PSRR is -46dB. It works completely normally with a power supply voltage of above 650mV.	测试结果表明,温度系数达到了44ppm/°C, PSRR为-46dB, 650mV以上的电源电压就可以完全正常工作.
We let the TGT grown Al2O3 crystal undergo the annealing experiment of decarbonization and decolorization in a high temperature oxidation atmosphere and a high temperature deoxidization atmosphere consequently, i.e., the “two-step” annealing experiment. The crystal becomes colorless and transparent.	将TGT法生长的Al<sub>2</sub>O<sub>3</sub>晶体(110×80mm<sup>3</sup>)依次经过高温氧化气氛、高温还原气氛脱碳、去色退火实验,即“两步法”退火实验,晶体变成无色、透明.
Based on the large signal equivalent circuit model of a SiGe heterojunction bipolar transistor (HBT), we have developed a SiGe HBT transport current model.	基于SiGe异质结双极晶体管(HBT)大信号等效电路模型,建立了SiGe HBT传输电流模型.
We proposed an expression for computing the energy transfer probability between host (TPD) and guest (Ir(ppy)3) in doped organic electrophosphorescent devices, and we discussed the energy transfer process.	提出了有机掺杂电致磷光器件中主体(TPD)与客体(Ir(ppy)3)间的能量转移几率表达式,并对能量转移过程进行了讨论.
Using 1MeV high energy electrons We carried out radiation experiments for the fabricated Ge-doped single crystal silicon solar cells.	利用1MeV的高能电子对制备的锗掺杂单晶硅太阳电池进行了辐照实验.
We measured the electronic properties of the device at room temperature, and observed typical coulomb blockade oscillations and a negative differential conductance effect.	在室温下对器件的电学特性进行测量,观察到了典型的库仑振荡效应和负微分电导效应.
Body contact is the best way to suppress floating body effect; BF2/B ion implantation into front and back channels can meet the requirements of threshold voltage and prevention of back channel turn-on respectively; the choice of gate electrode of SOI device influences the device performance severely; shallow junctions in source region helps to the reduction of current gain in parasitic npn bipolar transistor; self-align-silicidation technology plays an important role in the exposition of the excellent properties of SOI devices.	体接触是防止浮体效应的最好方法;正沟道和背沟道的BF2/B离子注入可以分别满足阈值和防止背栅开启的需要;SOI器件栅电极的选取严重影响器件的性能; 源区的浅结有助于减小寄生npn双极晶体管的电流增益;而自对准硅化物技术为SOI器件优良特性的展现发挥了重要作用.
The direct tunneling gate current of an nMOS device with a HALO structure is investigated. The channel length is varied from 10μm to 0.13μm, and the gate oxide thickness is 2.5nm. A direct tunneling gate current model is obtained, which can be applied to short channel MOS device with HALO structure.	对沟道长度从10μm到0.13μm,栅氧化层厚度为2.5nm的HALO结构nMOS器件的直接隧穿栅电流进行了研究,得到了一个适用于短沟道HALO结构MOS器件的直接隧穿栅电流模型.
Based on this, circuits such as neuron MOS circuits realizing common binary logic functions and full adder are designed.	在此基础上设计了实现常用二变量逻辑函数的神经元MOS电路和全加器等电路.
Through enhancing the tuning capability of MIM capacitor, a CMOS LC VCO with 3.2～6.1GHz tuning range was designed and manufactured.	通过提高MIM电容的调整范围,实现了一个覆盖3.2~6.1GHz的CMOS LC VCO.
The improvement of the frequency response is due to a two-mode beat that includes the main mode of the slave laser and the master laser mode, which overlaps with the side band of the slave laser.	激光器频率响应的改善可以用两个模式的拍频来解释,一个模式是从激光器的主模,另一个是主激光器的模式,该模式与从激光器的边带重合.
By means of pulse laser deposition, we deposit ZnO films on porous Si (PS) substrates. We have measured the structure and the optical and electrical properties of the ZnO/PS heterojunction at room temperature.	用脉冲激光沉积的方法在多孔硅(PS)衬底上沉积ZnO薄膜,在室温下测量了ZnO/PS异质结的结构及光学和电学性质.
The REBULF effect of the n+-floating layer reduces the electric field around the drain, redistributes the bulk field and thus the substrate supports more biases.	n+层的REBULF效应通过使漏端电场减小,体电场重新分布而使新结构中的衬底承担了更多的电压.
The results show that, under the conditions of high temperature, large voltage swing amplitude and bias, the degradation of the programming window of the device and the shift of the threshold voltage depend on the type of the majority carriers.	研究结果表明,高温、大电压摆幅和偏置情况下,器件编程窗口的恶化和阈值电压的漂移与多数载流子的种类有关.
Using this method, the subsurface damage due to cutting, polishing and grinding can be measured easily and accurately. The minimum subsurface damage it can measure is a few hundred nanometers.	采用这种方法可以方便、准确地测量硅片由切割、研磨和磨削引起的亚表面损伤,其能够测量的最小损伤深度为几百纳米.
A low-power IC for functional electrical stimulation of nerves is designed for an implantable system and fabricated using CSMC’s 0.6µm CMOS technology.	采用华润上华微电子公司0.6μm CMOS工艺设计了低功耗神经功能电激励集成电路.
Both amplifiers have a relatively large dynamic range and relatively small area. At the 1dB compression point, the output powers of the amplifiers are higher than 15dBm. The size of the chip is 1mm×2mm×0.1mm.	两个放大器都有较高的动态范围和较小的面积,放大器1dB压缩点输出功率大于15dBm;芯片尺寸为1mm×2mm×0.1mm.
Through a scanning electron microscope, we can see that the sample is In2O3 nanowires. An X-ray diffraction analysis shows that the material is In2O3 nanowires with a cubic structure. An X-ray optoelectronic spectra analysis shows that there are many oxygen defects in the In2O3 nanowires. Study of the photoluminescence spectra shows that the fabricated In2O3 nanowires have relatively strong luminescence, mainly concentrated in the ultraviolet spectra.	通过扫描电子显微镜可以看到样品为In2O3纳米线;X射线衍射分析证实该材料是立方结构的In2O3; X射线光电子谱分析发现该In2O3中存在大量氧缺陷;光致发光谱研究显示制得的In2O3纳米线有比较强的发光现象,主要集中在紫外光谱区.
Results indicate that the threshold voltage of SOI CMOS circuits is sensitive to temperature. As the temperature increases, the output properties decline significantly.	结果显示,SOI CMOS电路的阈值电压对温度较为敏感,随着温度的升高,输出特性衰退明显.
The breakdown voltage of the vertically conducting VDMOS of the BCD sample chip is 160V, the on resistance is 0.3Ω, and the specific on resistance is 26mΩ·cm2. The breakdown voltages of the npn, pMOS, and nMOS are 50, 35, and 30V, respectively. For the npn transistor, β is 120 and ft is 700MHz.	BCD样品芯片垂直导电VDMOS击穿电压为160V,导通电阻为0.3Ω,比导通电阻为26mΩ・cm2 ; npn, pMOS, nMOS击穿电压分别为50, 35, 30V; npn管β为120,ft为700MHz.
The inductor’s self-resonance frequency is above 15GHz, its quality factor is about 40 and its inductance is over 5nH at 11.3GHz.	该电感的自谐振频率超过15GHz,在11.3GHz下,品质因子达到约40,电感值超过5nH.
When the Ge distribution is triangular, with a fixed total amount of Ge, the built-in electric field increases from the emitter to the collector.	Ge组分为三角形分布时,在总的Ge组分一定的条件下,内建电场从发射结到集电结逐渐变大.
Under a known maximum tolerated insertion loss condition and external inertial shock environment, according to the expression, we obtain the minimum required mechanical stiffness constant of an MEMS switch beam and the insertion loss induced by external inertial shock.	在已知最大容许插入损耗和外部惯性冲击环境条件下,MEMS开关支撑梁的最小机械刚度常数以及外部惯性冲击引起的插入损耗可以根据该式得到.
We thereby proved that, compared to the situation when the gate of LDMOS is connected to ground, the positive gate voltage lowers the electrostatic discharge capability of the device, while the negative gate voltage improves this capability.	从而证明,与LDMOS栅接地时相比,正栅压降低了器件的静电放电能力,而负栅压则提高了器件的静电放电能力.
We demonstrate for the first time in China a 1.2μm partially-depleted SOI 64k static random access memory, which was realized on SIMOX wafers and achieved a total dose resistance of 1e6 rad(Si).	在国内首次使得1.2μm部分耗尽SOI 64k静态随机存储器的抗总剂量能力达到了1e6 rad(Si),其使用了SIMOX晶圆.
To improve the leakage and uniformity properties of this material as poly-Si TFT with an active area, a dynamic impurity resorption technique is adopted to remove the rudimental Ni during MIC process.	为改善以此材料作有源层的多晶硅TFT的漏电特性和均匀性,采用动态杂质吸除方法对MIC 过程所残留的Ni进行了吸除.
The simulation results are consistent with the experimental results, indicating the effectiveness of the simulation modules of post-bake and photoresist etching based on 3D cellular automata. It has certain practical significance for implementing the simulation of device-level fabrication of integrated circuits and microelectromechanical systems.	模拟结果与已有实验结果一致,表明基于3D元胞自动机方法的后烘和光刻胶刻蚀模拟模块的有效性,这对于实现集成电路和微电子机械系统的器件级的工艺模拟具有一定的实用性.
By varying the number of turns, the width of and spacing between the inductance metals, and the inner diameter of the inductor, we have simulated and analyzed the change of the performance of the inductor.	通过改变电感匝数、电感金属的宽度和间隔以及电感的内径,模拟和分析了电感性能的变化.
Compared to a traditional low-voltage sampling switch, this novel sampling switch not only eliminates the nonlinearity of MOS switches induced by the varying of gate-source voltage with input signal, but also eliminates the nonlinearity of MOS switches induced by the varying of threshold voltage with input signal.	与传统低电压采样开关相比,这种新型采样开关不仅消除了MOS开关由于栅源电压随输入信号变化所引入的非线性,而且进一步消除了MOS开关由于阈值电压随输入信号变化引入的非线性.
The simulated energy band structure of AlGaN/GaN indicates that an AlN insert layer can significantly raise the AlGaN conductance band bottom energy level and increase the heterojunction band gap difference.	模拟的AlGaN/GaN能带结构表明,AlN插入层能显著提高AlGaN导带底能级,增加异质结的带隙差.
We propose a 10 bit 30M sampling pipelined ADC. The power of the ADC is greatly reduced by using the amplifier sharing technique and a dynamic comparator.	介绍了一个10位30M采样率流水线A/D转换器,通过采用运放共享技术和动态比较器,大大降低了电路的功耗.
A wide band optoelectronic integrated receiver with a high-speed photodetector is designed, which is completely compatible with the standard CMOS process, and has been fabricated using the 0.6μm standard CMOS process.	设计了一种与标准CMOS工艺完全兼容的高速光电探测器和宽带光电集成接收机,并采用0.6μm标准CMOS工艺流片.
The stress gate voltage model follows a double logarithmic relation, which is different from the traditional single logarithmic relation model for the stress gate voltage.	栅压应力模型遵循双对数关系,这与传统的单对数栅压应力模型不同.
We have comparatively studied the change in the THz radiation peak intensity of ZnSe crystals with different surfaces along with the power of laser excitation. By a slight ablation model, we have qualitatively explained the saturation mechanism of THz signals under high lasing power.	对比研究了不同表面的ZnSe晶体的THz辐射峰值强度随激发光功率的变化,通过轻微烧蚀模型定性解释了高激发功率下THz信号的饱和机制.
The impact of double RESURF on breakdown voltage and DRTG-LDMOS capacitance were discussed.	讨论了双RESURF技术对击穿电压的影响,以及DRTG-LDMOS的电容特性.
The operating current is only 16μA because of the bias current due to the CMOS sub-threshold properties.	因为基于CMOS亚阈值特性产生了电路的偏置电流,所以工作电流仅16μA.
We have introduced the structure of a vertical multijunction device. We have presented the processing condition and the result of thermomigration fabrication. We specifically recommended the insulation line method of treating device electrode wire leads. We have solved the difficult problem of the inaccurate covering of a photolithographic electrode after thermomigration doping, as well as the problem of connecting all the p-type regions together. We have achieved the goal of zero metal covering in sensitive regions.	介绍了垂直多结器件的结构,给出了热迁移制结的工艺条件和结果,特别介绍了处理器件电极引线的隔离线方法,解决了经过热迁移掺杂后光刻电极套不准的难题,以及把所有p型区域连接起来的问题,达到了敏感区金属零遮挡的目的.
In order to suppress drain-induced barrier lowering in dual material gate SOI MOSFETs, Halo structure is introduced in the channel near the source.	为了抑制异质栅SOI MOSFET的漏致势垒降低效应,在沟道源端一侧引入了高掺杂Halo结构.
Reliably extracting spin polarization information using the point contact reflection method still requires further analysis of the contact interface.	利用点接触反射方法获得可靠的自旋极化信息还有赖于接触界面特征的进一步分析.
By being observed under a transmission electron microscope (TEM), the widths of the quantum wells were found to be different. The Electroluminescent (EL) spectrum revealed a green peak at 2.45eV and a blue peak at 2.81eV.	在透射电子显微镜(TEM)下可以发现量子阱的宽度不一致,电致发光谱(EL)发现了位于2.45eV的绿光发光峰和2.81eV处的蓝光发光峰.
The circuit is simulated and fabricated with Chartered 0.35μm technology.	电路采用Chartered 0.35μm 工艺仿真并流片.
If a design optimization is carried out, it will be beneficial to improve the symmetry of the rise-fall time temperature properties and to increase the highest operating frequency.	如果对其进行优化设计,有利于改善其上升-下降时间温度特性的对称性,提高其最高工作频率.
We presented the complementarity and duality principles for ternary complementary and dual circuits.	建立了三值双传输管电路的反演法则和对偶法则.
We have presented the etching mechanism. The illumination excites the dislocation sites to generate electron-hole pairs and to accelerate the etching rate at the dislocations sites.	提出了腐蚀机理,光照激发位错处产生电子-空穴对,加速位错处的腐蚀速率.
Through a RF MEMS capacitive switch example, we showed that outside environment factors have to be taken into account when designing RF MEMS capacitive switches working in low vacuum.	通过RF MEMS电容式开关实例,表明设计低真空封装的RF MEMS电容式开关时应考虑外部环境因素.
The electron-phonon coupling has noticeable influences on the nonequilibrium transport of the semiconductor quantum dot and single molecule transistor.	电子-声子耦合显著影响半导体量子点和单分子晶体管的非平衡输运.
Our results indicate that profile-fitting is fully necessary in the process of studying GaN film material structures using XRD, while the expanded width of the rocking curve cannot be used to characterize TD density.	我们的结果表明,线形拟合在利用XRD研究GaN薄膜材料结构的过程中是十分必要的,而不能用摇摆曲线的展宽直接表征TD密度.
The paper analyzes and presents the research and development of the BSIM project over the recent few years of which the author was involved, including BSIM5 research, BSIM4 enhancements, and BSIMSOI development.	本文分析和介绍了最近几年来本人参与其中的BSIM工程的研究和进展情况, 包括BSIM5的研究, BSIM4的增强和BSIMSOI的发展.
Compared with the conventional method used by commercial software, this method requires neither a deep understanding of the SOI MOSFET model nor any complicated computations.	这种方法与商业软件使用的传统的方法相比,不需要对SOI MOSFET模型有非常深入的了解,也不需要复杂的计算.
The computational results presented in this paper agree with the experimental results by other researchers.	文中的计算结果与其他研究者的实验结果相吻合.
After Ar+ etching, the root-mean-square roughness of the InGaAs surface was low, but the roughness of n-InP and p-InP surfaces was significantly higher.	Ar+刻蚀后InGaAs表面均方根粗糙度较小,而n-InP和p-InP表面明显变粗糙.
All calculations were done according to the first principles of plane wave ultra-soft pseudo-potential technology based on density function theory.	所有计算都是基于密度泛函理论框架下的第一性原理平面波超软赝势方法.
The maximum value of nonlinearities of the circuit integral is 0.	电路积分非线性的最大值为0.
The longitudinal stress is clearly larger than the transverse stress. The stress along the surface normal direction is the smallest.	沿长度方向的应力明显高于宽度方向的应力,表面法线方向应力最小.
We analyzed the temperature distributions in the powder and the growth chamber in relation to different powder porosities. Combining these results with growth experiments, the relation between the isothermal line in the growth chamber and the surface shape of as-grown crystal is also discussed.	分析比较了当粉料取不同空隙率时粉料中以及生长腔内温度分布的异同,并结合实验研究了生长腔内等温线的不同形状和生长晶体表面形貌之间的关系.
Additionally, the improved approximation method eliminates the spikes in the error curve of the traditional method.	同时,改进后的近似方法消除了原有方法误差曲线中的毛刺现象.
It is found that the periodic oscillation damping is caused by the combined effect of the self-excited oscillation in the external circuit and the transferred electron oscillation of the switch.	指出开关的周期性减幅振荡是由于外电路的自激振荡和开关的转移电子振荡共同作用引起的.
Test results show that both sensors have a linear output, but the sensor with amplification-compliant micro-transmissions achieved higher sensitivity.	测试结果表明,两种传感器都具有线性的输出特性,且带有位移放大机构的电场传感器具有更高的灵敏度.
Before the effects of parasitic parameters such as testing electrodes and wires are eliminated, the resistive cut-off frequency of a 5µm×5µm RTD is 18.75GHz.	在未去除测试电极和引线等寄生参数影响下,面积为5μm×5μm的RTD的阻性截止频率为18.75GHz.
The epitaxy structure is grown by low-pressure Metalorganic Chemical Vapor Deposition (MOCVD), and the active region consists of five periods of InGaAs quantum wells and InGaAsP quantum barriers.	外延片采用低压金属有机物化学气相沉积法(MOCVD)生长,有源区为5个周期的InGaAs量子阱层和InGaAsP垒层.
We have concluded that the reduction of the device saturation current with the increase in temperature is mainly caused by the degradation of the transport properties; the variation channel leakage current along with temperature is mainly caused by the gate leakage current.	得出了器件饱和电流随温度升高而下降主要由输运特性退化造成,沟道泄漏电流随温度的变化主要由栅泄漏电流引起的结论.
Using electromagnetic field simulation software such as Momentum, we have calculated the basic parameters of the transmission lines, such as the characteristic impedance and the attenuation constant.	通过Momentum等电磁场仿真软件计算了传输线的基本参数,例如特征阻抗和衰减常数.
A traditional double exponential equation of a transient current pulse in a single event effect is confirmed by numerical optimization of results from 3D device numerical simulation. A function that gives the relationship between transistor bias voltage and transient current is derived by theoretical analysis. The function can be used to simulate the SEU of an SRAM cell in the circuit simulation tool HSPICE. Finally, the threshold LET of an SRAM cell is obtained by circuit simulation and mix-mode simulation. The practicability of this method is verified by comparing the precision and time cost.	在三维器件数值模拟的基础上,以经典的双指数模型为原型通过数值拟合得到了单粒子效应瞬态电流脉冲的表达式,在理论分析的基础上,引入了描述晶体管偏压和瞬态电流关系的方程,并将其带入电路模拟软件HSPICE中进行SRAM存储单元单粒子翻转效应的电路模拟,最后分别使用电路模拟和混合模拟两种方法得到了存储单元的LET阈值,通过在精度和时间开销上的对比,验证了这种模拟方法的实用性.
We further apply a transient heating response theory to perform an inspection of the packaging structure of the power transistor.	还应用瞬态加热响应原理对功率管的封装结构进行了监测.
In order to improve the polishing rate of double side ultra-fine polishing for a silicon wafer, based on the analysis of double polishing process, using self-made colloidal silica abrasives with large grain sizes, we prepared a new type of nano-polishing slurry - SIMIT8030-I and performed polishing experiments on a double-pad double polishing machine.	为提高硅晶片双面超精密抛光的抛光速率,在分析双抛工艺过程基础上,采用自制大粒径二氧化硅胶体磨料配制了SIMIT8030-I型新型纳米抛光液,在双垫双抛机台上进行抛光实验.
The formula can simulate the current-voltage properties of the gate current and substrate current of the oxides layer after SBD in a relatively large voltage range (-4V ~+3V). It provides a relatively simple formula for studying the reliability of ultra-thin gate oxides.	该公式能够在较大的电压范围(-4~+3V)模拟氧化层SBD后的栅电流和衬底电流的电流-电压特性,为超薄栅氧化层可靠性的研究提供了一个较为简便的公式.
Testing results showed that, with a frequency lower than 12GHz, the reflection coefficient is smaller than -15dB and the insertion loss is less than 2dB. The sensitivity is 10.4μV/mW at the center frequency of 10GHz.	测量结果显示,在12GHz频率以内,微波功率传感器的反射系数小于-15dB,插入损耗小于2dB,在10GHz中心频率下的灵敏度为10.4μV/mW.
The laser has so far the shortest cavity length in the family of InGaAs/InAlAs edge-emitting quantum cascade lasers.	这是目前InGaAs/InAlAs材料体系最短腔长的边发射量子级联激光器.
In GaInP/AlGaInP multi-quantum well lasers, when a large current is injected or working at high temperature, the electrons injected into the active region will surmount the potential barrier into the p-cladding layer to become the leakage current, which seriously influences the normal operation of the devices.	对于GaInP/AlGaInP量子阱激光器,在大电流注入或高温工作时有源区中注入的电子会越过势垒进入p型限制层成为漏电流,严重影响器件的正常工作.
The dependences of the refractive index and the thickness of the thin film on the UV exposure time, as well as the postbaking temperature and time are studied.	研究了薄膜折射率和厚度随紫外曝光时间、后烘温度及时间等外界工艺条件的变化关系.
A novel planar split dual-gate metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistor has been proposed and fabricated, whose electric field perpendicular to the channel is nonuniform.	提出并制作了一种全新的平面分离双栅金属氧化物半导体场效应晶体管,该器件垂直于沟道方向的电场为一非均匀场.
The operating voltage of the kernel circuit is 1V, and the frequency range is 2.5~5GHz.	它的核心电路工作电压为1V,工作频率范围为2.5~5GHz.
To overcome the shortcomings of a SPICE BSIM3 model when used to model the high-voltage MOS (HVMOS) transistor with a lightly doped drain, which is widely used in the high-voltage integrated circuits, we propose an improved I-V model for a high-voltage MOS based on BSIM3.	针对SPICE BSIM3模型在对大量应用于高压集成电路中的轻掺杂漏高压MOS(简称HV MOS)晶体管建模上的不足,提出了基于BSIM3的高压MOS晶体管I-V模型改进.
The said modulator is based on a fractional-N phase locked loop technique, and an extra offset current is introduced in the charge pump unit to eliminate the influence of charge pump mismatch on the in-band noise.	该调制器基于小数分频锁相环技术,并在电荷泵单元中引入额外偏差电流消除电荷泵失配对带内噪声的影响.
This paper reports an InP-based single-heterojunction bipolar transistor (SHBT) with a base μ-bridge and emitter air-bridge.	报道了具有基极微空气桥和发射极空气桥结构的InP单异质结双极型晶体管(SHBT) .
Simulation results indicate that, compared with traditional ideal Ohmic contract structure, the diodes of new structure not only have the merit of fast and soft reverse recovery but also double reverse blocking voltage, and moreover their forward conducting voltage has been improved. The new structure achieves a good trade-off among Qs, Vf and Ir.	结果表明,与常规理想欧姆接触结构相比,该新结构在保持快而软反向恢复特性的前提下,反向阻断电压增加了近一倍,而且正向通态特性也有所改善,很好地实现了功率二极管中Qs-Vf-Ir三者的良好折中.
The device has a pnpn-confined buried heterojunction structure, with a ridge width of 2μm and cavity length of 300μm.	器件采用pnpn结限制掩埋结构,有源区脊宽2μm、腔长300μm.
Furthermore, the larger the porosity of the plate, the higher is the electron temperature, while the lower is the electron density.	进而发现屏蔽板的孔隙率越大,电子温度越高,电子数密度则越低.
We discussed the effects of the optical pumping frequency and intensity on the transport properties of the system, and we find that the electron dynamical localization occurs when the optical pumping frequency equals to the discrete energy level of holes.	讨论了光学泵的频率以及强度对系统输运性质的影响,发现当光学泵的频率等于空穴的分立能级时,发生电子的动力学局域化.
The amplifier consists of a variable-gain cell based on a current-steering structure, a novel wide-range exponential voltage generator, and a fixed-gain amplifier.	该放大器由电流调节型可变增益单元、宽范围指数电压转换电路及固定增益放大器构成.
The clock frequency is 16MHz, the over-sampling ratio is 32, and the baseband width is 250kHz. Simulation at the circuit level achieves a peak SNDR of 82dB and a dynamic range of 87dB.	设计工作时钟为16MHz,过采样率为32,基带带宽为250kHz,电路仿真可以达到最高82dB的SNDR和87dB的动态范围.
Using a nanoscale silicon oxide fiber probe, by means of evanescent coupling, we successfully coupled laser light of ultraviolet to infrared into a single ZnO nanowire, with a coupling efficiency of 25％.	使用纳米氧化硅光纤探针,利用倏逝波耦合方法,将紫外到红外的激光成功地耦合进单根ZnO纳米线,耦合效率可达25%.
We use a new method, regular perturbation method, to study threshold voltage properties of nanometer metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistors’ (MOSFETs).	采用了一种新的方法研究纳米金属-氧化物-半导体场效应管(MOSFETs)的亚阈值特性,即正则摄动法.
We also find that by growing at a low temperature and a low pressure, the concentration of acceptor impurities in ZnO may be increased, which is beneficial to obtaining p-type ZnO.	同时发现采用低温低压生长可以增大ZnO中受主杂质浓度,有利于获得p型ZnO.
By thermal simulation and thermal analysis, we brought forth a scheme to improve the MCM temperature field	通过热模拟和热分析,提出了改善MCM温场的方案.
The damage-removal etching method can remove the damage effectively. The forward turn-on voltage and reverse leakage current of the LED that was etched by the two-step etching technology are reduced noticeably. The EL intensity is increased, indicating that the leakage current and the rate of nonradiative recombination both decreased. The optical efficiency and device reliability are also improved.	去损伤刻蚀法能有效去除损伤,使采用两步刻蚀法的发光二极管的正向导通电压与反向漏电流均下降,发光亮度增大,非辐射复合比例减小,器件的发光效率和可靠性均得到了提高.
We obtained a reference current of 30nA, which is independent of supply voltage, through a sub-threshold region design method.	通过亚阈值设计方法得到30nA与电源电压无关的基准电流.
Due to the geometrical structure and strong polarization of AlGaN/GaN HEMTs, the electric field in the gate-drain region is so high that it’s enough to produce a tunneling current from the gate metal to the surface of the AlGaN barrier layer.	由于AlGaN/GaN HEMT的几何结构以及很强的极化效应,怕┣域的电场很大,以至于电子可以从潘泶┑AlGaN表面.
Finally, we grown PbTe quantum dots by self-organization on the surface of the PbSe buffer layer with the spiral structure feature and have observed PbTe quantum dots with two-height distribution.	最后,我们在以螺旋结构为特征的PbSe缓冲层表面自组织生长了PbTe量子点,观察到两种高度分布的量子点.
We proposed a 4H-SiC n-MOSFET high temperature channel electron mobility model suitable for circuit simulation.	提出了适用于电路模拟的4H-SiC n-MOSFET高温沟道电子迁移率模型.
The influence of PVT growth conditions on AlN crystalline growth and quality is also analyzed according to the above results.	结合这些结果分析了PVT法生长条件对AlN体单晶生长和晶体质量的影响.
We introduce a 16-bit Σ-Δ analog-to-digital converter.	介绍了一个16位精度Σ-Δ型模拟数字转换器.
The polishing, chemical etching, and cleaning of InAs wafers have also been analyzed, on the basis of which, EPI-READY polished wafers have been realized.	对InAs晶片的抛光、化学腐蚀和清洗进行了分析,在此基础上实现了抛光晶片的开盒即用(EPI-READY) .
Compared with dual threshold Dominos circuits, the two designed circuits have lowered the dynamic power consumption by 8.8% and 11.8%, enhanced the circuit speeds by 9.5% and 13.7%, and simultaneously reduced the total leakage currents by 80.8% and 82.4%, respectively.	与双阈值多米诺电路相比,设计的两种电路动态功耗分别降低了8.8%和11.8%,电路速度分别提高了9.5%和13.7%,同时总的漏电流分别降低了80.8%和82.4%.
When the annealing temperature is above 425℃, the desorption of In atoms increases, thus leading to the gradual decrease of the In grains on the sample surface when the annealing temperature is above 425℃.	当退火温度高于425°C时,In原子的脱吸附作用增加,从而导致样品表面的In颗粒在退火温度高于425°C时逐渐减少.
This design employs a current feedback loop to adjust the output voltage, which reduces the influence of PCB parasitic effect on the adjusted signal. We also propose a start-up control circuit to improve the start-up timing and speed up the current balancing process during start-up.	设计中采用电流反馈环路对输出电压进行调整,降低了PCB板级寄生效应对调整信号的影响;并提出一种启动控制电路用以改善系统的启动时序,加速了启动阶段的电流均衡过程.
SEM images also show that, by photoresist planarizing and through adjusting the condition of reactive ion etching, the etching rates for silicon oxide and photoresist during the etching process are made equal. Planarization effect of the whole chip surface is achieved by removing photoresist.	扫描电镜照片的结果也显示:利用光刻胶平坦化,然后通过调节反应离子刻蚀的条件,使刻蚀的过程中对氧化硅和光刻胶的刻蚀速率相等,去掉光刻胶,达到平坦化整个芯片表面的效果.
A window layer is formed at the p-region using AlGaN epi-material with an Al content of 0.1. Thus, ultraviolet in the band of 340~365nm can penetrate through the p-region and reach the i-region, and be absorbed there. This effectively enhances the responsivity and quantum efficiency in this band.	p区采用Al组分含量为0.1的AlGaN外延材料形成窗口层,使340~365nm波段的紫外光可以直接透过p区到达i区并被吸收,有效提高了这个波段的响应率与量子效率.
However, too much PbO can cause local fluctuations of phase compositions of the material, degrading the uniformity of the phase compositions.	然而,过量的PbO会使材料局部区域的相成分发生波动,故而破坏相成分的一致性.
These features of the spectral function are also reflected in the nonlinear differential conductance spectrum	谱函数的这些特性也体现在非线性微分电导谱中.
The frequency range of a/the radio frequency signal is designed to be 1~1.8GHz, the measured 1dB compression point is +14.23dBm, the maximum conversion gain is 8.31dB, and the minimum noise coefficient is 19.4dB. At a power supply voltage of 5V, the DC power consumption is 54mW.	射频输入信号频率范围设计为1~1.8GHz,测得的1dB压缩点达到+14.23dBm,最大转换增益为8.31dB,最小噪声系数为19.4dB,在5V供电情况下,直流功耗为54mW.
This method is able to solve the problem of testing driving transistors in the unit pixel circuits comprising two TFTs, with only one mask being added to the process.	在只增加一块光刻版的情况下,有效地解决了在含有2个TFT的单元像素电路中,检测驱动管困难的难题.
ITU G983 standard prescribes three wavelengths for passive optical networks which are 1310nm, 1490nm, and 1550nm. Because of the large difference of channel spacing as well as the wide spectral range, a conventional AWG design technique cannot be used to achieve the ideal effect.	ITU G983标准规定了无源光网络的三个波长为1310,1490和1550nm,由于这三个波长的间距相差很大,光谱范围也大,用普通的AWG设计方法不能达到理想的效果.
The chip was processed using the 0.18μm CMOS technique. Testing results indicate that the chip meets the design requirements.	芯片在0.18μm CMOS工艺下流片验证,测试结果表明,芯片能够很好地满足设计要求.
A novel hybrid FPGA architecture – a new AND-LUT array structure is proposed.	提出了一种混合FPGA新结构--新颖的AND-LUT阵列结构.
This modified theory can explain all the experiment results.	利用修正后的理论可以很好地解释所有的实验结果.
We introduce the design, fabrication, and testing results of a high performance 50MHz~20GHz  ultra broadband 5 bit GaAs digital attenuator. Further, we present in particular the implementation of the ultra broadband design.	介绍了一种高性能50MHz~20GHz的超宽带5 bit GaAs数字衰减器的设计、制造和测试结果,并着重介绍实现超宽带的设计.
Combining Raman spectrum, FTIR spectroscopy and TEM measurements, we performed a trace study on photoluminescence properties of the multilayered film during the annealing processes. We analyzed the evolution of the luminescence mechanisms of a-Si:H/SiO2 multilayered film during every thermal process stages. We discussed the mutual relationship between luminescence mechanisms and microstructures during the crystallization process from a-Si:H/SiO2 multilayered film to nc-Si/SiO2 multilayered film.	结合Raman谱,FTIR谱和TEM测试,对退火过程中多层膜的光致发光性质进行跟踪研究,分析了a-Si∶H/SiO2多层膜在各个热处理阶段发光机理的演变,讨论了a-Si∶H/SiO2多层膜晶化为nc-Si/SiO2多层膜过程中,发光机制与微结构之间的相互联系.
Different from traditional curvature compensation techniques, this distribution curvature compensation focuses on finding temperatures in the whole range in which the first order derivatives of the output reference voltage equal zero. Thus, the curve of the reference output voltages with regard to temperature is flattened and a better effect of curvature compensation is achieved.	与传统的曲率校正方法不同,分布式曲率补偿着眼于在整个温度范围内寻找多个基准输出电压对温度的一阶导数的零点,从而限定基准输出电压随温度变化曲线的幅度,使曲线更平缓,达到提高曲率补偿效果的目的.
XRD patterns show that the 3C-SiC films have excellent crystallinity. The narrowest full widths at half maximum of the SiC(200) and (111) peaks are 0.41° and 0.21°, respectively. The best electrical uniformity of the 3C-SiC films obtained by sheet resistance measurement is 2.15%.	X射线衍射图中出现了强的3C-SiC的特征峰,其中3C-SiC的(200)和(111)峰的半高宽分别为0.41°和0.21°.3C-SiC外延膜方块电阻的均匀性最好可达2.15%.
The results show that, because of electron-phonon, electron-impurity and electron-defect interactions, the relaxation time greatly affects the I-V curves of the devices, i.e. the gradient of plateau-like structure and the width of the current hysteresis.	结果表明,由于电子-声子、电子-杂质和电子-缺陷等相互作用导致的弛豫时间对器件I-V曲线产生很大的影响,即电流滞后类平台结构的倾斜度以及电流滞后区的宽度.
The thermal fatigue life time of a Sn-3.5Ag lead-free solder joint of a chip scale package subjected to a thermal cycling load is predicted.	对芯片尺寸封装(CSP)中Sn-3.5Ag无铅焊点在热循环加速载荷下的热疲劳寿命进行了预测.
When replacement factor x = 0, 2, 4, the electrical conductivity of the samples is significantly higher than that of samples when x = 1, 3. At room temperature, the electrical conductivity of the Ba8Ga16Zn2Si28 compound is quite high, at about 3.0e5S/m. The electrical conductivity of the compound is the lowest when x=1. The samples with x = 0, 2, 4 show a higher Seebeck coefficient than that of samples with x=1, 3.	;当取代分数x=0, 2, 4时,对应样品的电导率明显高于x=1, 3时对应样品的电导率,在室温附近,Ba8Ga16Zn2Si28化合物表现出较高的电导率,约为3.0e5S/m,当x=1时,对应化合物的电导率在测试温度范围内最低;当取代分数x=0, 2, 4时对应样品的Seebeck系数明显高于x=1, 3时
The device has been tested using a 8.5GHz continued wave signal. Under the condition of optimized load impedance, the P1dB output power is 29.4dBm. The corresponding gain is 7.2dB and the corresponding PAE>40%. The saturation output power Psat is 30dBm.	在8.5GHz进行连续波功率测试,在优化的负载阻抗条件下,P1dB输出功率为29.4dBm,相应增益7.2dB,相应PAE>40%,电路的饱和输出功率Psat为30dBm.
The tertiary electrons generated by hot holes move toward the Si-SiO2 interface under the electrical field toward the substrate, which explains the cause of the source side gate oxide damage.	热空穴产生的三代电子在指向衬底的电场作用下向Si-SiO2界面移动,这解释了源区一侧栅氧化层损伤的产生原因.
We described the enhancement effect of inductance (L) and the quality factor (Q) of the inductor by the ferromagnetic film.	阐述了磁性铁氧体薄膜对电感的感值(L)和品质因数(Q)的增强作用.
Compared with published offset-cancellation techniques, using this technique can achieve a lower power consumption and a higher integration level.	同已发表的失调取消技术相比,利用这种技术可以达到更低的功耗和更高的集成度.
A Ge/Si island multilayer structure is investigated by double crystal X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy, and atomic force microscopy.	结合透射电镜与原子力显微镜实验,用双晶X射线衍射方法分析了Ge/Si多层纳米岛材料.
In nanometer MOSFETs, the traditional depletion approximation and charge-sheet models are not suitable, and the Poisson equation transforms from linear form to non-linear.	由于在纳米MOSFETs中,常用的耗尽近似和页面电荷模型(charge-sheet model)不再适用,导致泊松方程由线性变成非线性形式.
This is accomplished by using a “copying” switch having the same threshold voltage as the sampling MOS switch.	这是通过采用一个与采样MOS开关具有相同阈值电压的“复制”开关得以实现的.
At the same time, compared with the present global lifetime control technology and proton and helium ion irradiation local lifetime control technology, the local platinum doped sample transistors have the advantages of a short recovery time, a large soft factor of reverse recovery, and extremely small electric leakage.	同时,与现有的整体寿命控制技术和氢、氦离子辐照局域寿命控制技术相比,局域铂掺杂样管具有反向恢复时间小、反向恢复软度因子大和漏电流极小的优点.
The device employs a structure with a nitride gate, oxide layer/polycrystalline gate structure, lightly-doped source/drain shallow extensions, a retrograde channel doping profile, and an interdigital gate.	器件采用氮化栅氧化层/多晶栅结构、轻掺杂源漏浅延伸结、倒退的沟道掺杂分布和叉指栅结构.
The analysis results indicate that process tolerance can shift the AWG transmission spectrum and increase the crosstalk.	分析结果表明,工艺公差将引起AWG传输光谱的漂移,并使串扰增大.
The FWHM of its (0002) double crystal diffraction peak is at least 141”. The GaN epi-layer grown directly on the sapphire substrate has worse crystal quality with an FWHM of double crystal diffraction peak of 1688”, but no crack has been observed.	其(0002)的双晶衍射半高宽最低为141" ;蓝宝石衬底上直接生长GaN外延层质量较差,其双晶衍射半高宽为1688" ,但不发生开裂.
The circuit is biased at AB class, the small signal S parameter is in the range of 8~8.5GHz, the linear gain is 8~9dB, the input voltage standing wave ratio is smaller than 2, and the output voltage standing wave ratio is smaller than 3. The linear gain becomes 9~10dB after the collect bias is optimized.	电路偏置于AB类,小信号S参数测试在8~8.5GHz范围内,线性增益为8~9dB,输入驻波比小于2,输出驻波比小于3,优化集电极偏置后,线性增益为9~10dB.
We present a method of constructing the Kriging metamodel of circuits and combining it with genetic algorithms to determine the circuit parameters and to optimize the circuit.	提出了建立电路Kriging元模型,并与遗传算法相结合确定电路参数,优化电路的方法.
One uses a chevron actuator array, and the other uses amplification-compliant micro-transmission.	一种利用了V型梁阵列作为驱动结构,另一种引入了位移放大机构.
We proposed a new pixel-driving circuit which is based on a current-programmed pixel circuit.	在电流编程像素电路的基础上提出了一种新的交流驱动电路结构.
It consists of an analog modulator and a digital decimator.	它由一个模拟的调制器和一个数字降采样滤波器组成.
It can quickly measure the main parameters of thin MEMS films. In addition, the testing device and method are compatible with IC testing solutions, i.e. all parameter measurements and collections are done electronically.	它能够快速测试MEMS薄膜的主要性能参数,并且测试设备和测试方法都与集成电路测试方案兼容,即所有材料参数的测试与提取都通过电学激励与电学测量来实现.
The experiment’s results also showed a significant influence of edge effect on the thermal stability of the SiGe/Si material grown in the micron sized region.	实验还表明,边缘效应对于微区中共度生长的SiGe/Si材料的热稳定性也有显著的影响.
The ΣΔ A/D converter can achieve a peak SNR of 96dB and a dynamic range of 96dB.	ΣΔ A/D转换器可以得到96dB的峰值SNR,动态范围为96dB.
This RFID analog front-end includes a local oscillator, a clock generation circuit, a reset circuit, a matching network and backscattering circuit, a rectifier, a regulator, and an AM demodulator, etc.	该RFID模拟前端包括本地振荡器、时钟产生电路、复位电路、匹配网络和反向散射电路、整流器、稳压器以及AM解调器等.
The result shows that, compared with air-core inductors without magnetic film, L and Q of the micro inductor with magnetic film structure have increased 17％ and 40％ at 2GHz respectively.	结果表明,与空气芯无磁膜微电感相比,磁膜结构微电感的L和Q在2GHz处分别提高了17%和40%.
Modal losses and confinement factors of 9.0μm GaAs-based quantum cascade laser structures were calculated using the transfer matrix method and effective index method. The waveguide structures were then optimized.	通过转移矩阵法和有效折射率法计算了9.0μm GaAs基量子级联激光器波导的模式损耗和限制因子,从而对其波导结构进行优化.
We propose a novel thermal-conscious power model for integrated circuits which can accurately predict power and temperature under voltage scaling.	提出了一种新型热感功耗模型,该模型能够准确估计出电压调整情况下的功耗和温度.
A 2.5Gb/s clock and data recovery circuit is designed and manufactured using the TSMC standard 0.18μm CMOS process.	采用TSMC公司标准的0.18μm CMOS工艺,设计并实现了一个全集成的2.5Gb/s时钟数据恢复电路.
The traditional rectifier and low-pass filter included in the ASK detector have been integrated into a more compact structure and thus further lower the power consumption.	ASK检波器中传统的整流器和低通滤波器被整合为更紧凑的结构,从而进一步降低了功耗.
Using wet chemical etching, metal lift-off, mesa isolation and air-bridge techniques, we fabricated RTD/HEMT series RTTs and measured the DC characteristics of the RTTs and the RTDs and HEMTs in the RTTs.	采用湿法化学腐蚀、金属剥离、台面隔离和空气桥互连技术,研制了RTD/HEMT串联型RTT,并对RTT及RTT中RTD和HEMT的直流特性进行了测试.
AlSb polycrystalline thin films are prepared by vacuum co-evaporation and post-annealing.	采用元素共蒸发法结合退火处理制成了AlSb多晶薄膜.
We have used MEDICI to simulate the electrical properties of the 3D CMOS device made of Si-SiGe, as well as the Si-SiGe 3D CMOS inverter.	使用MEDICI软件对Si-SiGe材料三维CMOS器件及Si-SiGe三维CMOS反相器的电学特性分别进行了模拟分析.
We integrated a driving current loop of clip shape on the cantilever so that the two positions of the two reversal motion peaks of the second cantilever movement can be driven simultaneously.	在悬臂梁上集成了一种回形针状的驱动电流回路,实现了与第二模态悬臂梁运动两个相反运动峰值相吻合的两处同时反方向驱动.
In order to save power, we have proposed a pseudo-differential stacked class-A power amplifier based on the current reuse technique.	为了节省功耗,提出了一种基于电流复用技术的伪差分堆栈结构的A类功放.
The result can be used to implement light-controlled switches.	这个结果可以用来实现光学控制开关.
We proposed a comprehensive theoretical analysis of mode behaviors in the tapered multimode waveguide and the output properties of the tapered combiners with various structures.	对锥形多模波导中的模式行为给出了完整的理论分析,并给出了该锥形合波器在不同结构下的输出特性.
	
The properties of alkali halide with six matched neighbors can be calculated successfully using this inter-potential, and at the same time the three crystal structures of CdSe: Wurtzite structure, Zinc blende structure, and Rocksalt structure can be described.	利用该作用势得出了六配位数碱卤化物晶体的性质,并描述了CdSe的三种晶体结构:纤锌矿(Wurtzite) 、闪锌矿(Zinc blende)和岩盐矿(Rocksalt)型结构.
Therefore, the mode of overlapped increment scanning can be used to fabricate three-dimensional structures, for which the calculation on the relationship and sensitivity between exposure doses and etching depths can further provide the practical exposure parameters.	因此,重复增量扫描方式可以用于三维结构的加工,并且关于曝光剂量与刻蚀深度关系和灵敏度的计算可以为其提供符合实际曝光的参数.
The simulated gate current is consistent with experimental results, while the optimized nitrogen content obtained from the simulation is yet to be verified by experiments.	模拟得出栅极电流与实验结果符合,而得出的优化氮含量有待实验证实.
Molecular beam epitaxy is used to grow an RTD on an HEMT structure on GaAs substrate.	采用分子束外延技术在GaAs底层上重叠生长了RTD和HEMT结构.
In the transmitter, a fractional-N phase locked loop is used to realize CPFSK modulation. In order to reduce the bandwidth occupied, a 2RC shaping technique is employed.	在发射机中,使用小数分频锁相环实现了CPFSK调制;为了减小占用带宽,使用了2RC整形技术.
Thus, the intrinsic performance of the circuit is determined by the Si nMOS.	这样,电路的本征性能将由Si nMOS决定.
After comparing the maximum output power and the far-field properties of the three conditions, we found the devices achieved optimal parameters and beam quality when the ridge waveguide length is 700μm, the slope efficiency is 0.32W/A, and the output power is 1.21W.	对比三种情况的最高输出功率和远场特性,发现LRW=700μm时,器件特性参数和远场光束质量最优,斜率效率为0.32W/A,饱和输出功率为1.2
To meet the requirement of the embedded neural signal stimulation, this chip avoids the use of any off-chip elements and it is integrated by a single chip.	为满足体内植入式神经功能电激励的要求,该集成电路避免使用任何片外元件,实现了单片集成.
We adopted loop gain and return ratio techniques to analyze the loop parameters of the self-biasing op-amp and the core circuit.	分别采用环路增益法和返回比法对其中的自偏置放大器和核心电路的环路特性进行了分析.
Dark current, photocurrent, and spectral responsivity were measured.	对器件的暗电流、光电流和光谱响应进行了测量.
In the framework of the nonequilibrium Green function equation of motion, by improving electron-phonon decoupling, we find that, at low temperature, the phonon sidebands in the spectral function of the quantum dot clearly depend on the relative positions of the Fermi energy levels on both sides and the renormalized local energy levels, showing that the electron-hole symmetry is broken.	在非平衡格林函数运动方程方法的框架内,通过改进电声子解耦,发现低温下量子点谱函数中声子伴带明显依赖于两边电极费米能级与重整后局域能级的相对位置,呈现电子-空穴对称性破缺.
We fabricated NiSi film using different silicidation processes and we studied the NiSi/Si interface of the sample by cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy (XTEM)	采用不同硅化工艺制备了NiSi薄膜并用剖面透射电镜(XTEM) 对样品的NiSi/Si界面进行了研究.
Using gas source molecular beam epitaxy (GSMBE) technology, we have successfully grown InP/InGaAs/InP	采用气态源分子束外延(GSMBE)技术成功地生长出InP/InGaAs/InP
We studied the growth properties of ZnO film, when fabricated on sapphire (Al2O3) (0001) and (1120) substrates by MOCVD.	研究了用MOCVD法在蓝宝石(Al2O3) (0001)和(1120)衬底上制备ZnO薄膜时的生长特性.
To our knowledge, this is the first report on this phenomenon, whereby the above three types of photoconductivities can be generated successively in a sample only through changing the intensity of the incident light.	据知,这是首次在一个样品中仅仅通过改变入射光强就可以依次产生以上现象的实验报道.
The experimental results provided evidence for the mechanism of how the molecular-scale CMP material is removed at the molecular scale.	实验结果为单分子层材料去除机理提供了依据.
The result of beam propagation analysis shows that the transmission loss of the optical switch is less than 1.43dB, and the crosstalk is between -18dB and -32.8dB.	束传播法分析结果表明,该光开关的传输损耗小于1.43dB,串扰在-18~-32.8dB之间.
Testing results indicated that HgCdTe grown on (211) Si/CdTe composite substrate by liquid phase epitaxy has comparative composition and thickness uniformity as the HgCdTe materal grown on general (111) CdZnTe substrate. The average density of the etch pits is (5~8)e5cm-2, which is one order of magnitude lower than that of the material grown on the same substrate by molecular beam epitaxy. The crystal’s double crystal FWHM reaches about 70".	测试结果表明, (211) Si/CdTe复合衬底液相外延HgCdTe材料组分及厚度的均匀性与常规(111) CdZnTe衬底HgCdTe外延材料相当;位错腐蚀坑平均密度为(5~8)e5cm-2,比相同衬底上分子束外延材料的平均位错密度要低一个数量级;晶体的双晶半峰宽达到70"左右.
Measurements show that the IQ phase error can be calibrated within 1°, which satisfies the system requirement.	测试结果显示正交相位误差可以被校准到1°以内,满足了系统的要求.
We studied a self-aligned InP/GaInAs single heterojunction bipolar transistor with a novel T-shaped emitter.	研究了一种采用新的T型发射极技术的自对准InP/GaInAs单异质结双极晶体管.
The chip was fabricated using a low cost CSMC 0.6μm CMOS process and tested.	通过低成本的CSMC 0.6μm CMOS工艺流片并对芯片进行了测试.
When calculating the interactions between absorbed and emitted phonons of different wave vectors in electron recoil effects, we discussed the influences of the magnetic field, the Coulomb bound potential, the electron-phonon coupling strength, the effective confinement length of a quantum dot, and the interaction between phonons on the ground state energy of the bound magnetopolaron in a semiconductor quantum dot.	在计算电子在反冲效应中发射和吸收不同波矢的声子之间相互作用时,讨论了磁场、库仑束缚势、电子-声子耦合强度、量子点的有效受限长度和声子间相互作用对半导体量子点中束缚磁极化子基态能量的影响.
The circuit is embedded in a 64×64 pixel array CMOS image sensor and successfully taped out with a Chartered 0.35μm process.	该电路被嵌入一64×64像素阵列CMOS图像传感器,在Chartered公司0.35μm工艺线上成功流片.
XEDS results show the existence of an amorphous C film on the Ni2Si/SiC interface.	XEDS的结果表明在Ni2Si/SiC界面处存在一层无定型C.
Influences of different porosities in SiC powder source on as-grown crystal are investigated.	研究了SiC粉料的空隙率对晶体生长的影响.
After being irradiated at a total dose of 1e6 rad(Si), the access time of the memory barely changed either. The static power consumption only changed from 0.65μA before irradiation to 0.8mA after irradiation, which is far below the specified value 10mA. The dynamic power consumption only changed from 33mA before irradiation to 38.1mA after irradiation, which is also far below the specified value 100mA.	在经过剂量为1e6 rad(Si)的总剂量辐照后,该存储器的数据读取时间也几乎不变,静态功耗仅从辐照前的0.65μA变化为辐照后的0.8mA,远远低于规定的10mA指标;动态功耗仅从辐照前的33mA变化为辐照后的38.1mA,远远低于规定的100mA指标.
The whole switch has a simple fabrication process and a low cost.	整个开关制作工艺简单,成本低.
	
Using the triple-axis two-dimensional reciprocal space mapping of X-ray diffraction, we studied compression strain InAsP materials and tension strain InGaAsP materials grown on InP (100) substrates by molecular beam epitaxy.	采用X射线衍射三轴二维倒空间衍射图研究了InP(100)衬底上分子束外延生长的压应变InAsP材料和张应变InGaAsP材料.
Experiments show that the etching depth has a linear relationship with the etching time in a solution of HF and NH4Cl at a certain ratio and a good control of the etching rates of the ZnO and SiO2 is achieved, which are essential for device fabrication.	实验发现在一定配比的HF酸和NH4Cl溶液中,腐蚀深度和腐蚀时间呈线性关系,并且二氧化硅和ZnO的腐蚀速率得到很好的控制,这对器件制备的可靠性非常重要.
We studied the influence of gate voltage on the temperature of LDMOS at high current after avalanche breakdown.	研究 LDMOS在一次雪崩击穿后的大电流区,栅压对器件内部温度的影响.
	.
From the eye pattern it can be seen that the CMOS optoelectronic integrated circuit receiver is able to work at a transmission rate of 1.25GB/s with a sensitivity of -12dBm.	从测试眼图可知,该CMOS光电集成接收机可工作在1.25GB/s的传输速率下,灵敏度为-12dBm.
We explained the above experimental phenomena by the space-charge-limited current and the electronic transitions among the energy valleys.	利用空间电荷限制电流和能谷间的电子跃迁解释了上述实验现象.
AlN polycrystalline boules with a diameter of 40~50mm, a thickness of 8~10mm, and a maximum grain size of 5mm have been grown with physical vapor transport technology.	利用物理气相传输法生长了直径40~50mm、厚约8~10mm的AlN多晶锭,最大晶粒尺寸为5mm.
We discussed the circuit structure and basic principle of a continuous-time low pass filter. We proposed a way to adjust the passband frequency of the continuous-time filter.	讨论了一种连续时间低通滤波器的电路结构和基本原理,介绍了调整连续时间滤波器通带频率的方法.
A 4H-SiC avalanche ultraviolet optoelectronic detector with separate absorption and multiplication layers was designed and fabricated.	设计和制备了吸收层和倍增层分开的4H-SiC穿通型雪崩紫外光电探测器.
We found, by measuring the film refractive index, that the optical frequency dielectric constant merely changes when exposed in the air for a long time.	通过测量介质的折射率发现该薄膜长时间暴露在空气中,其光频介电常数几乎不变.
The life of the switch is about 10 million cycles and the switching time is less than 10ms.	开关寿命大于1000万次,开关时间小于10ms.
The radiation characteristic of quartz wall has been simulated using different models, i.e., the transparent body model, the black body model, the gray body model, the three-band scattered reflection model, the three-band mirror reflection model, and the two-band model. Additionally, the band zone method solving the radiative transfer equations was combined with above mentioned models to solve the temperature distribution in the wall of the reactor of the radial flow MOCVD with three inlets at different wall properties.	分别采用透明体模型、黑体模型、灰体模型、三谱带漫反射模型、三谱带镜反射模型和二谱带模型对石英壁面的辐射特性进行模拟,并结合求解辐射传递方程的谱带区域法模型,计算了不同壁面特性下径向三重流MOCVD反应器的壁面温度分布.
Photosensitive sol-gel SiO2 material has been synthesized using the organic/inorganic hybrid method, and spun on the Si substrate.	利用有机/无机杂化方法制备了光敏性溶胶-凝胶(sol-gel)SiO2材料,在硅基片上旋涂成膜.
The chip uses an active pixel structure. The fill factor of a pixel cell can reach 43％, which is higher than the 30％ index of typical APS structure pixel cell.	该芯片采用有源像素结构,像素单元填充因数可达到43%,高于通常APS结构像素单元30%的指标.
An analog front-end of a high-frequency passive radio-frequency identification tag compatible with ISO/IEC 18000-3 is presented.	提出了与ISO/IEC 18000-3兼容的高频无源射频电子标签模拟前端.
The current collapse phenomenon under DC sweeping is eliminated quickly under ultraviolet irradiation. But the ultraviolet irradiation cannot recover the property degradation caused by the high-field stress.	直流扫描电流崩塌现象在紫外光照下迅速消除,但是紫外光照不能恢复高场应力造成的特性退化.
We simultaneously performed corrections for temperature rise and thermal resistance with a light shading method.	同时采用遮光法对器件温升及热阻进行了修正.
Beginning with the fundamental physical principle of transistors, the relationship between Voffset and the area ratio of collector and emitter, Ac/Ae, is derived, and is used to explain why HBT with a U-shape emitter has smaller Ac/Ae, which further verifies the advantage of a U-shape emitter configuration.	从晶体管基本物理机制推导出Voffset与集电极、发射极面积比Ac/Ae的关系,并用此解释了U形发射极HBT具有较小Ac/Ae的原因,进一步证明了U型发射极结构的优越性.
From the linear working region of the demodulation curve, we can further determine that the dynamic range of the system is up to +4.2~-4.2rad/s.	从解调曲线的线性工作区可进一步得到系统的动态范围高达+4.2~-4.2rad/s.
Simulation results indicate that input-referred offset can be reduced by 40% using this offset transferring technique with a load transistor mismatch of 20% and an input amplifier transistor mismatch of 10%.	仿真结果表明,在负载晶体管的失配为20%,输入放大管的失配为10%时,利用这种失调转移技术,输入参考的失调可以减少40%.
Using a mesa structure to perform I-V testing, we find the resistivity of the vanadium implanted layer has a great relationship with the initial conduction types in the 4H-SiC layer.	采用一种台面结构进行I-V测试,发现钒注入层的电阻率与4H-SiC层的初始导电类型有很大关系.
Further experiments show that the adsorption of water plays a key role in the change of its resistance.	进一步实验分析发现水分吸附在其电阻变化中起了重要的作用.
By constructing an atomic configuration model and conducting a theoretical simulative calculation analysis, it is shown that among the newly appearing IR absorption peaks there are two IR absorption peaks related to the dual nitrogen dual vacancy (N2V2) complexes.	通过构建原子结构模型并进行理论模拟计算分析,表明在新出现的红外吸收峰中有两个与双氮-双空位(N2V2)结构相关的红外吸收峰.
The result shows that the green emission center is related to the film’s quality, i.e. the magnitude of the present tensile stress in the film.	这一结果说明,绿色发光中心与薄膜的质量,也就是与薄膜中存在的张应力大小有关.
Using a ceramics BN crucible, with a heating temperature of around 1900oC, the growth results in AlN crystal whiskers or compact polycrystals. It is difficult to grow large AlN crystal grains.	使用陶瓷BN坩埚,加热温度约在1900°C左右,生长结果为AlN晶须或致密多晶,难以生长出较大的AlN晶粒.
In order to reduce the B-C conduction band barrier in the InP DHBT to suppress the current blocking effect, a complex collector structure comprising InGaAsP is used.	为了降低InP DHBT的B-C之间的导带势垒,抑制电流阻挡效应,采用了一种含InGaAsP的复合式集电区结构.
We simulated the deformations of a one-armed beam and a two-armed beam, and the calculated values agree with the measured ones.	模拟了单臂梁和双臂梁的弯曲变形情况,理论与实验吻合.
Based on this model, we have discussed in detail the influence of the parameters in the local low lifetime region on the turn-off time.	基于该模型,详细讨论了局域低寿命区参数对关断时间的影响.
The results showed that, for the Si nano-plates with oxide layers on the surface, the Young’s modulus increases with reducing the plate thickness, while for those without oxide layers, the Young’s modulus decreases with reducing the plate thickness. However, with increasing the plate thickness, the Young’s modulus in both plates approaches a fixed value 123GPa.	结果表明,表面带氧化层的Si纳米板杨氏模量随着板厚度的减小而增加,不带氧化层的则随之降低,但当板厚度增加时,它们都趋于一个定值123GPa.
With increasing current density, the positions of these two peaks did not change, until the injection current density reached 2e4mA/cm2, when the green peak exhibited a blue shift while the blue peak did not move.	随着电流密度增加,双峰的峰位没有移动,直到注入电流密度达到2e4 mA/cm2时,绿光发光峰发生蓝移,而蓝光发光峰没有变化.
In the sample with an InAlAs strain buffer layer, an AlAs-like phonon peak shift to blue with increasing L thus verifies the strain release process of the InAs quantum dot layer.	在加入InAlAs应变缓冲层的样品中,类AlAs声子峰随L增大发生了蓝移,从侧面证实了InAs量子点层的应变释放过程.
We designed and fabricated a C-band InGaP/GaAs HBT power transistor with an optimized material structure and device peripheral structure by using BE metal self-aligning, emitter ballasting, and an electric plated air bridge.	通过优化InGaP/GaAs异质结双极晶体管(HBT)的材料结构和器件结构,采用BE金属自对准、发射极镇流和电镀空气桥等工艺技术,研制了C波段InGaP/GaAs HBT功率管.
The experiment results indicated that the converter achieved a dynamic range of 92dB and a band width of 96kHz.	实验结果表明转换器获得了92dB的动态范围和96kHz的带宽.
Results show different wall temperature distributions at different walls in the reactor.	结果表明,在反应器的不同部位,壁面温度分布的规律有所不同.
The samples are annealed in a conventional furnace to investigate the influence of annealing temperature and time on the film crystallinity.	对样品进行常规炉退火以考察退火温度和时间对薄膜结晶度的影响.
When Rf is large (0.6), the triangle holes on the sample surface disappear and monolayer-think spiral structures appear.	当Rf较大(0.6)时,样品表面的三角形孔消失,出现单原子层厚度的螺旋结构.
We apply a static magnetic field along the direction vertical to the superlattice plane of an n-type doped weakly-coupled GaAs/AlAs superlattice to study the carrier transport process.	在n-型掺杂弱耦合GaAs/AlAs超晶格中,沿着垂直于超晶格平面方向加一个静态磁场,研究电子的隧穿过程.
By making use of the attenuator, the ability of the system to handle linearity is greatly improved.	通过使用衰减器,系统处理线性度的能力得到很大的提高.
The computation results show that dispersion effect has a considerable influence on the reflectivity of DL ARCs, especially for the 300~500nm wavelength range, and the effects on different ARC materials are different.	计算结果表明,色散效应对双层减反射膜的反射率有较大的影响,特别是对300~500nm波长范围的影响更大,且对不同材料的减反射膜的影响也是不同的.
The lowest contact resistance we achieved was 2.765e-6Ω・ cm2 after rapid thermal annealing at 950°C.	通过950°C下的快速热退火形成的最低欧姆接触电阻为2.765e-6Ω・cm2.
Experimental results show that short time current impact (42mA, 70h) has little influence on detector performance, the detector composition decreased and the cut-off wavelength lengthened. When impact time increases to some extent (42mA, 100h), the detector performance decreases to different extents, composition increased and the cut-off wavelength shortened.	实验结果显示:短时间(42mA, 70h)的电流冲击对探测器性能影响不大,探测器组分减小,截止波长变长;冲击时间长到(42mA, 100h)一定程度后,探测器性能有不同程度的下降,组分变大,截止波长变短.`
Testing of load pull show that, at 1.5GHz, the power-added efficiency (PAE) is 50%, and the output power is 27dBm. This device is suitable for RF power amplifiers.	负载牵引测试表明,该器件在1.5GHz时,PAE为50%,输出功率为27dBm,表明该器件适合射频功率放大器的应用.
The loss mechanisms of passive devices (on-chip inductors and capacitors) on different substrates are analyzed and compared. On-chip planar LPFs were fabricated on OPS (oxidized porous silicon) and HR (high-resistivity) low-loss substrates.	分析比较了不同种类衬底上无源器件(片上电感和电容)的损耗机理,在OPS(氧化多孔硅)和HR(高阻硅)低损耗衬底上分别实现了片上低通滤波器.
We grew AlAs/InGaAs double barrier quantum well structures on (001) GaAs substrates using molecular beam epitaxy.	用分子束外延方法在(001) GaAs衬底上生长了AlAs/InGaAs双势垒量子阱薄膜结构.
We found the optimal parameters for removing etching damage through experiments. We also studied the experiment procedure and results of a ICP two-step etching technology to remove etching damage.	通过实验方法找出了去损伤刻蚀的最佳工艺参数,并研究了利用ICP两步刻蚀法去除刻蚀损伤的实验过程及结果.
A simple and effective self-seeding method of distributed feedback (DFB) lasers is presented. Through this method, the frequency responses of a directly modulated DFB laser become very flat.	介绍了一种简单有效的自注入方法,通过该方法对直接调制的分布反馈半导体激光器进行光自注入,可以得到非常平坦的频率响应曲线.
The design results also indicate that, by utilizing the advantage of the floating-gate voltage signal of easy to realize summation, and introducing a summation auxiliary variable, the synthesis process of the circuit can be significantly simplified.	设计结果同时表明,利用浮栅电压信号易于实现求和的优点,通过引入求和辅助变量可显著简化对电路的综合过程.
Using Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), we investigate the behavior of the nitrogen impurities in the N-doped silicon after RTP treatments at different temperatures.	利用傅里叶红外(FTIR)光谱研究不同温度RTP处理后的注氮硅中氮杂质的行为.
The results show that with a suitable silicon ion implantation process, the material's radiation hardness can be efficiently improved.	结果表明,合适的硅离子注入工艺能有效提高材料抗总剂量辐照的能力.
A relatively systematic study has been carried out on the geometric structure, formation energy of impurities, and electronic structure of Ag doped ZnO using a first principle psedopotential method based on density functional theory.	采用基于密度泛函理论的第一性原理赝势法对Ag掺杂ZnO的几何结构、杂质形成能和电子结构进行了比较系统的研究.
We have investigated the lateral oxidation technique and the characteristics of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers (VCSELs).	研究了垂直腔面发射激光器(VCSEL)的侧向氧化工艺及其特性.
The electronic structure of SrTi1-xSbxO.3 with x=0, 0.125, 0.25, and 0.33 is calculated. The impact of Sb doping on SrTiO3 crystal’s structure, band structure, density of states, and partial density of states were studied.	计算了Sb掺杂SrTi1-xSbxO.3(x=0,0.125,0.25,0.33)体系电子结构,分析了掺杂对SrTiO3晶体的结构、能带、态密度、分波态密度的影响.
Among all kinds of noises in the device, 1/f noise can be used to effectively characterize the trap density in the device.	在器件内部的多种噪声中,1/f噪声可有效地表征器件陷阱密度.
By measuring the parasitic bipolar transistor static gain and the breakdown properties of the pn junction, the differences between the breakdown mechanisms of the FB and H-gate type BC nMOSFETs are analyzed and explained qualitatively.	通过测量寄生双极晶体管静态增益和漏体pn结击穿电压,对部分耗尽绝缘体上硅浮体和H型栅体接触n型沟道器件的击穿特性进行了定性解释和分析.
In the study of novel ultra-fast photoconductive switches, we processed a titanium film of about 3nm using the AFM anode oxidation method, and obtained titanium oxide nano-wires. The titanium film was formed on GaAs substrate by magnetron sputtering.	在新型超高速光导开关的研究中,采用AFM阳极氧化加工方法,加工利用磁控溅射方法在GaAs衬底得到的厚约3nm的钛膜,形成纳米级氧化钛线.
The circuit was implemented in the Chartered 0.35μm standard CMOS process. The experimental results indicate that the chip can well satisfy the design target.	此电路在Chartered 0.35μm标准CMOS工艺下实现,测试结果表明芯片能很好地满足设计要求.
The fabricated chip area is approximately 25mm×2.0mm, It can	制得的芯片面积约为25mm×2.0mm,可
The area of the whole chip is as small as 4.1mm×2.4mm, and the power consumption is 90mW.	整个芯片面积只有4.1mm×2.4mm,功耗为90mW.
According to the neural signal spectrum, the pass-band of the amplifier is set to 59Hz-12.8kHz and the mid-band gain is 80dB.	根据神经信号的特点,电路频率响应带宽设计为59Hz~12.8kHz,增益80dB.
Based on the electric displacement continuity principle, low k is used to increase the vertical electric field of the buried layer and the vertical voltage endurance of the device. Further based on this, we have presented the SOI dielectric field enhancement principle.	基于电位移连续性原理,利用低k提高埋层纵向电场和器件纵向耐压,并在此基础上提出SOI的介质场增强原理.
The experiment shows that in certain  light intensity and electric field ranges  (276~305V/cm), the material Si∶(B,Mn) with a resistivity of 10.4Ω・cm exhibits current oscillation at liquid nitrogen temperature; At certain electric fields, the waveform of the current oscillation is stable and does not change with time; The oscillation frequency increases linearly with the light intensity. The modulating coefficient decreases as the light increases; The maximum oscillation decreases as the light intensity increases, and the minimum oscillation increase gradually as the light intensity increases.	结果表明:在一定光照和电场范围内(276~305V/cm) ,电阻率为10.4Ω・cm的材料在液氮温度下显示出电流振荡特性;在一定的电场下,电流振荡波形是固定的,不随时间变化;振荡频率随光照强度的增大而线性增大;调制系数随着光强的增强而减弱;振荡的最大值随着光照强度增大而减小,最小值随着光强增大而缓慢增大.
The influences of As concentration and beam depth on the deformation are investigated, and the results show that it is useful to reduce the deformation by reducing the As concentration and increasing the beam depth.	研究了As原子浓度和梁厚度对梁变形情况的影响,结果表明降低As原子浓度和增大梁厚度都有助于抑制梁的变形.
Using a sapphire wafer grown with a GaN layer as the seed crystal, we obtained a single ZnO crystal of 32mm in diameter and 4mm in thickness.	利用长有GaN层的蓝宝石晶片作为籽晶,得到了直径32mm、厚4mm左右的ZnO单晶体.
Aiming at chemical mechanical polishing of silicon substrates, polishing experiments are carried out using self-made colloidal silica polishing slurry with large grain sizes. We studied the influence of the major components in the polishing slurry on polishing rate and surface flatness, in order to improve polishing rate and polishing quality. Using thickness tester, AFM, and surface profiler, we tested and characterized the polishing rate and surface.	针对硅衬底的化学机械抛光,采用自制的大粒径硅溶胶抛光液进行抛光实验,研究了抛光液中主要组分对抛光速率和表面平整度的影响,以提高抛光速率和抛光质量,采用测厚仪、AFM、台阶仪对抛光速率和表面进行了测试和表征.
Taking the silicon micromechanical FP cavity device as the representative, the device has employed standard silicon surface processing techniques. We analyzed all kinds of problems of such MEMS devices with suspending structure during the processes of the sacrificial layer etching and the final structure releasing.	以硅微机械FP腔器件为代表,该器件采用了标准的硅表面加工工艺,分析了此类具有悬空结构的MEMS器件在进行牺牲层的腐蚀和最终的结构释放过程中的各种问题.
In addition, the driving mode can also eliminate high peak pulse currents at the beginning and end of recovery time.	另外这种驱动方式还能消除在反偏脉冲起始和结束时刻的尖峰电流.
The heterojunction bipolar transistor (HBT) is one of the most important three-terminal devices in MMIC.	异质结双极型晶体管(HBT)是MMIC领域中最具有竞争力的三端器件之一.
To obtain a high signal-to-noise ratio, a polarized DFB laser diode with a maximum output power of 10mW was used as the optical source.	光源采用一个偏振输出最大功率为10mW的DFB激光器,用以得到高的信噪比.
The devices have been fabricated using a simple process. Excellent DC and RF performances are achieved: a threshold voltage of 0.52V, a sub-threshold slope of 80mV/dec, a drain-induced barrier lowering factor of 69mV/V, a cut-off current of 0.5nA/µm, a saturation driven current of 458µA/µm, a saturation transconductance of 212µS/µm (6nm oxide layer, 3V driven voltage), and a cut-off frequency of 53GHz.	按照简洁的工艺流程制备了器件,获得了优良的直流和射频性能:阈值电压0.52V,亚阈值斜率80mV/dec,漏致势垒降低因子69mV/V,截止电流0.5nA/μm,饱和驱动电流458μA/μm,饱和跨导212μS/μm (6nm氧化层,3V驱动电压)及截止频率53GHz.
It is for the first time that the effect of the parameters of this composite collector on the performance of DHBT is analyzed and an optimized method is proposed, which provides a theoretical guide and a design reference for the design of this type of complex collector.	第一次从理论上分析了此种类型的复合式集电区各个参数对于DHBT性能的影响并给出了优化方案,为此类型的复合式集电区结构的设计提供了理论指导和设计参考.
The paper also investigated other factors that can affect the measurement of frequency response, including side-mode suppression ratios and dynamic behavior of wavelength transients.	文中也研究了系统中可能会影响频响特性测量的其他因素,如光源的边模抑制比、波长调谐速度等.
The optical transmission experiment showed that the transmission loss in the annealed amorphous As2S8 semiconductor film waveguide was reduced by approximately 4dB/cm.	光传输实验显示,热处理后的非晶态As2S8半导体薄膜波导,其传输损耗减小了约4dB/cm.
The post-packaging test shows that the circuit has an input dynamic range of 54dB (Rset=50Ω) and provides a single-ended output swing of 950mV. Its output eye diagram remains satisfactory when the pseudo-random bit sequence input speed reaches 400Mbps.	芯片封装后测试得到的输入动态范围为54dB (Rset=50Ω) , 单端输出摆幅为950mV,在高达400Mbps伪随机码输入时,所得眼图仍然令人满意.
The paper describes the fabrication and performance of 0.18μm RF nMOSFETs.	阐述了0.18μm射频nMOSFET的制造和性能.
Combined with the research on IMEC and TSMC, a physical model of the timing properties of the RTS noise versus gate biasing is constructed, and the consistency of the experiment with the simulation results shows the effectiveness of this model.	结合IMEC和TSMC的研究,建立了栅压与RTS噪声时间参数的物理模型,实验结果和模型模拟结果的一致说明了模型的有效性.
SEM photos of the nanowires indicate that the thickness and width of the nanowires are both below 100nm and the thinnest nanowire is 20nm wide.	扫描电镜观测表明,制备的纳米线厚度和宽度都可严格控制在100nm以下,最细的纳米线宽度可以达到20nm.
The impact of the polaronic effect on the binding energy of an impurity in a finite deep quantum well is discussed using the modified LLP intermediate coupling method to treat the interaction between electrons and phonons, where the effects of pressure and screening are considered and the effects of three optical phonon modes (confined longitudinal optical phonon, half-space longitudinal optical phonon, and interface optical phonon) in the quantum well structure are also taken into account.	考虑压力及屏蔽效应,同时计入量子阱结构中三类光学声子模(局域类体光学声子、半空间类体光学声子和界面光学声子)的作用,利用改进的LLP中间耦合方法处理电子-声子相互作用,讨论有限深量子阱中极化子效应对杂质态结合能的影响.
At room temperature (T=293K), when x=0.23, the peak-to-valley current ratio from simulation results is 1.14, consistent with the experimental results.	在室温下(T=293K),当x=0.23时,模拟结果的峰谷电流比为1.14,与实验结果相吻合.
Experiments of annealing at gradually changing temperatures show that the higher the bonding temperature, the stronger the bonding energy. In addition, annealing at gradually changing temperature is favorable for increasing bonding strength.	不同温度的变温退火实验表明,键合温度越高,键合强度越大,且渐变退火有利于提高键合强度.
We kept the total length unchanged at L=1900μm and experimented with different ridge waveguide lengths at 450, 700 and 950μm.	保持总腔长1900μm不变,改变脊形区的长度,其长度分别为450, 700和950μm.
Using an atomic-force microscope, we observe that the presence of hillock-like bulges and some pits on the surface of the epitaxial film. The root mean square surface roughness of the epitaxial film is measured to be 2.2nm.	通过原子力显微镜观察外延膜表面存在小山丘状的突起和一些小坑,测量得到外延膜表面的均方根粗糙度为2.2nm.
Using the UHV/CVD system developed by the Institute of Microelectronics of Tsinghua University, we thoroughly studied the patterned epitaxial SiGe technique. By using a SiO2 single layer and a SiO2/Poly-Si compound layer as a window masking medium for patterned epitaxial SiGe single crystal material, we developed different practical patterned epitaxial SiGe techniques.	使用清华大学微电子学研究所研发的UHV/CVD系统深入 研究了图形外延SiGe工艺,分别选用单一的SiO2介质层和SiO2/Poly-Si复合介质层,作为图形外延SiGe单晶材料的窗口屏蔽介质,开发出了不同的实用化图形外延SiGe工艺.
Using measurement methods such as X-ray diffraction, atomic force microscopy, photoluminescence spectroscopy, and variable temperature Hall measurements, we studied variations in lattice quality, surface morphology, optical property and electric properties of In0.14Ga0.86N film resulting from changes in the annealing temperature.	通过X射线衍射、原子力显微镜、光致发光谱和变温霍尔等测试方法研究了In0.14Ga0.86N薄膜的晶格质量、表面形貌以及光学特性和电学特性随着退火温度的变化情况.
Based on the traditional sensitive model for the ion-sensitive devices, we established a threshold voltage model for the multi-floating-gate FET (MFGFET) using a silicon nitride passivation layer as the sensitive membrane compatible with the CMOS process.	基于传统离子敏感器件的敏感模型,建立了与CMOS工艺兼容的以钝化层氮化硅作为敏感膜的MFGFET (multi-floating gate FET)多层浮栅晶体管结构阈值电压模型.
Using a field emission scanning electron microscope, we discovered that the film consists of nanorods and nanoleaves.	场发射扫描电镜观察到薄膜是由纳米尺寸的棒状物和叶状物组成.
The phase transition pressure and the state function are in accord with the experimental data.	相变压强和得出的物态方程与实验数据十分吻合.
The study shows the conventional coupling method by lens focusing to excite the luminescent of nanowires can only use light of specific exciting wavelengths but the evanescent coupling approach has specialties of high efficiency, strong applicability, and a wide application prospect in the study of optical properties of semiconductor nanowires and nanoribbons.	研究证明:采用透镜聚焦激发纳米线发光的传统耦合方法,只能使用特殊激发波长的光;而倏逝波耦合方法具有高效、适用性强的特点,在半导体纳米线和纳米带的光学特性研究中有广泛的应用前景.
Results show that the tuning deflection increases with the increase of L and decreases with the increase of h and b, while the tuning velocity behaves in the opposite way.	结果表明挠度与长度成正方向变化,同梁厚度、宽度成反方向变化,而调谐速度与各参数的关系恰好相反.
Theoretical calculation, 3D device simulation using TCAD and experimental results all showed that, by adjusting the bias voltage of any one of the two gates, adjustable output characteristic (gain coefficient) and transfer characteristic curve can be obtained, which can be used to adjust the threshold voltage and the sub-threshold swing of the device, and make the device consume less power.	理论计算、TCAD三维器件仿真以及实验结果均表明,通过改变该器件中任何一个栅极偏置电压,能够得到可以调节的输出特性(增益系数)及转移特性曲线,可以很方便地调节器件的阈值电压及亚阈值摆幅并具备低功耗特点.
The results show that the electron density increases with increasing pressure and power, while the electron density decreases with increasing pressure but with increasing power, it first decreases then increases within a relatively small range.	结果表明,电子数密度随气压与功率的增加而升高;电子温度随气压的增加而降低,随功率增加在较小范围内先降低再升高.
All the sample transistors are irradiated with protons of 550keV energy at dosages from 1×1013 to 5×1014 cm-2, followed by separately annealing at 700~750℃ for 15~30min to complete the platinum diffusion in silicon and the gettering of platinum atoms by proton irradiation defects.	所有样管首先进行能量为550keV,剂量为1×10<sup>13</sup>~5×10<sup>14</sup>cm<sup>-2</sup>的氢离子辐照;接着分别进行700~750°C, 15~30min的退火,以完成铂在硅中的扩散和氢离子辐照缺陷对铂原子的汲取.
We discussed several possible mechanisms based on experiment results.	基于实验结果讨论了几种可能的机理.
By conducting profile-fittings and analyses of the (0002) plane rocking curves of each sample, we find that even though the full widths at half maximum of the rocking curves enlarge after annealing, the value of out-plane tilt decreases and the spiral threading dislocation (TD) density decreases accordingly. This is consistent with the results from chemical etching experiments.	通过对各个样品的(0002)面摇摆曲线进行线形拟合及分析,发现虽然退火后摇摆曲线的半峰宽变大,但面外倾斜角(tilt)的值却变小,从而螺型穿透位错(TD)密度变小,这与化学腐蚀实验的结果一致.
The annealing leads to a decreasing current gain (β=Ic/Ib), indicating that SiGe HBT’s post-damage effect.	退火结果表现为电流增益(β=Ic/Ib)继续衰降,表明SiGe HBT具有“后损伤”效应.
The test results show that the current peak-to-valley ratio of the RTD device is 4; Due to the improved method for fabricating the MSM on semi-insulating GaAs substrate, the current under a bias of 5V is increased from 2μA to 18μA. The logical functions of these two circuits are basically achieved.	测试表明:RTD器件的峰谷电流比为4;由于改进了在半绝缘GaAs衬底上制作MSM的方法,5V偏压下的电流由原来的2μA增加到了18μA,基本实现了两种电路的逻辑功能.
Results show that, at temperatures above 510 ° C, the metal-induced effect of Ni is significant; at a growth pressure of 10Pa, poly- GeSi can form continuous compact films. When using a low pressure (0.1Pa) and then a high pressure (10Pa) growth mode, poly- GeSi forms separate crystal whiskers, and most crystal whiskers are over 100nm.	结果表明,在温度高于510°C时,Ni金属诱导作用明显;生长压强为10Pa时,多晶GeSi能够形成连续致密的薄膜,而采用先低压(0.1Pa)后高压(10Pa)的生长方式,多晶GeSi呈现分离的晶须状,晶须尺寸多在100nm以上.
The curve shows one or more steps reflecting the constitution of the device’s internal thermal resistance and its physical structure.	曲线出现一个或多个台阶,反映了其内部的热阻构成与器件物理结构.
Through XPS, AES measurement, after 800°C high temperature annealing, the thin film formed a partial SiCxNy structure.	通过XPS,AES的测量得到,经800°C高温退火处理后的薄膜形成了部分SiCxNy结构.
The equivalent circuit analysis and test results confirm that adopting ferromagnetic film in radio frequency integrated micro inductors significantly enchances the performance of the inductors.	等效电路分析和测试结果均证明了铁氧体薄膜的引入对增强射频集成微电感性能的作用显著.
A delay locked loop is used to align the center of the eye pattern of the data with the rising edge of the reference clock, hence the parallel recovering data are synchronized and the bit error rate is reduced.	应用一个延迟锁相环,将数据的眼图中心调整为与参考时钟的上升沿对准,因而同步了并行恢复数据,并降低了误码率.
Using gas-source molecular-beam epitaxy technique, we grown δ-doped p+-AlInAs-n+-InP and p+-InP-n+-InP two tunnel junction structures on InP (100) substrates. We characterized the distribution of carriers and electrical properties by electrochemical C-V and I-V property curves. We find that the p+-AlInAs-n+-InP tunnel junction has a better performance than the p+-InP-n+-InP tunnel junction.	采用气态源分子束外延技术在InP(100)衬底上分别生长了δ掺杂的p+-AlIn-As-n+-InP和p+-InP-n+-InP两种隧道结结构,用电化学C-V和I-V特性曲线表征了载流子浓度和电学特性,发现p+-AlInAs-n+-InP隧道结性能优于p+-InP-n+-InP隧道结.
That is to say, the smaller the current, the higher is the ratio between the current densities in the high temperature region and in the low temperature region, and hence the  more current is in the high temperature region. The area of current-concentrated region decreases with reducing current.	即电流越小,高温区与低温区电流密度的比值越大,电流越集中在高温区,且集中区域的面积随着电流的减小而缩小.
The relation between these factors and the geometric structure are studied from both theory and process application, revealing the dependence of the electrical properties of the devices on the geometric structure and the process parameters.	从理论和工艺实践上研究了这些因子与几何结构之间的关系,揭示了器件电性能对几何结构和工艺参数的依赖关系.
The frequency response band width of the detector is 1.11GHz and the 3dB band width of the optoelectronic integrated receiver is 733MHz. At a bit-error-ratio of 1e-12, the receiver can achieve a sensitivity of -9dBm to an input optical signal with a wavelength of 850nm.	探测器的频率响应带宽为1.11GHz,光电集成接收机的3dB带宽为733MHz;在误码率为1e-12条件下,对波长为850nm的输入光信号,灵敏度达到-9dBm.
The voltage generated can be programming controlled, which makes the module featuring in fast start-up, stable operation, and relatively low temperature coefficient.	所产生的电压值可实现编程控制,具有启动时间快、工作稳定和较低的温度系数等特点.
By means of vapor deposition we have fabricated unoriented grown ZnO nanowires on the surface of a silicon wafer and at the tip of a tungsten needle respectively. Furthermore, using a field emission microscope, we have studied the plane field emission characteristics and tip field emission characteristics of the nanowire samples.	运用气相沉积方法分别在硅片表面和钨针尖上制备了非取向生长的ZnO纳米线,并通过场发射显微镜研究了纳米线样品的平面场发射特性和针尖场发射特性.
Based on the modulation effect of the buried layers with different ks on the surface electric field, the lateral voltage endurance of the device is improved. VLkD SOI RESURF criterion is further provided.	基于不同k的埋层对表面电场的调制作用,使器件横向耐压提高,并给出VLkD SOI的RESURF判据.
The SPICE simulation result indicated the correct read-write function of the cell. The static current of the cell is 4 orders of magnitude lower than that of the Whitaker cell while the writing speed is comparable to other cells.	SPICE模拟结果表明该单元读写功能正确,静态电流较Whitaker单元下降了4个数量级,写入速度和其他单元相当.
The structure has the advantages of small area and simple processing using the substrate body resistor with p+ buried channel beneath the nMOS gate instead of the pMOS element in a conventional six transistor CMOS SRAM cell.	该结构采用nMOS栅下的含p+埋沟的衬底体电阻代替传统6管CMOS SRAM单元中的pMOS元件,具有面积小、工艺简单的优点.
Using the method of finite element analysis, we built a magnetic field distribution model in a multiple magnetic poles constrained magnetically enhanced reactive ion etching apparatus.	应用有限元分析方法建立了多磁极约束磁增强型反应离子蚀刻装置内部的磁场分布模型.
The experimental results of growing a ZnO single crystal by CVT at different conditions agree well with the theoretical analysis. The ideal conditions for growing a ZnO single crystal, and hence high-quality large-size ZnO single crystal material, are obtained.	我们得到的不同条件下ZnO单晶CVT生长的实验结果和现象与理论分析一致,获得了ZnO单晶生长的理想条件和高质量的大尺寸ZnO单晶材料.
The results show that after a preheating treatment at 650℃, the generation rate of the thermal donors are depressed. AfterRTP in an Ar atmosphere, the number of the donors is continuously depressed with the increase of the irradiation dose. After RTP in an N2 atmosphere, the number of the donors is depressed in non-irradiated samples; the atmosphere does not have evident influence on the generation of donors in the irradiated samples.	实验表明经650°C预热处理,使辐照样品热施主的形成受到了抑制;Ar气氛RTP预处理条件下,随辐照剂量的增加热施主形成的总量会不断下降.N2气氛RTP预处理,使未辐照样品的热施主形成被抑制,气氛对辐照样品热施主的形成没有明显的影响.
Based on rational fraction fitting, we proposed a novel parameter extraction method for the 2-π equivalent circuit model of a radio frequency (RF) CMOS planner spiral inductor.	从有理分式拟合方法出发,提出了用于射频CMOS平面螺旋电感2-π等效电路模型参数提取的新方法.
During fabrication, two methods were tried. One method used PMMA as mask and the other one used PMMA and SiO2.	在制备过程中尝试了仅用PMMA做掩模以及PMMA和SiO2做掩模两种方法.
The XRD result indicated that this crystal is of the 2H type with the P3ml space group. The IR transmittance measurement showed an average transmittance of 40% within the range of 400~1000cm-1 for a 1mm thick PbI2 wafer. The UV absorption measurement showed an absorption edge of 547.6nm for the PbI2 wafer, which corresponds to an energy band gap of 2.27eV.	XRD分析结果表明该晶体为2H晶型,P3ml空间群;IR透过率测试结果表明1mm厚的PbI2晶片在400~1000cm-1范围的平均透过率为40%; UV吸收测试结果表明PbI2晶片吸收边为547.6nm,对应能隙为2.27eV.
A thin film transistor was fabricated using as-grown ZnO film as the  channel layer (ZnO-TFT). The transistor operates in n-channel enhancement mode, with a threshold voltage of 17.5V and an electron mobility as high as 1.05cm2/(V・s).	并以ZnO薄膜为沟道层制作了薄膜晶体管(ZnO-TFT) ,该晶体管工作在n沟道增强模式,阈值电压为17.5V,电子的场迁移率达到1.05cm2/(V・s).
Methods and circuits for testing the frequency parameters and power parameters of SIT are designed and built, and the effect of packaging on the electrical properties of SIT is further discussed.	设计建立了SIT频率参数和功率参数测试方法和电路,深入讨论了封装工艺对SIT电性能的影响.
Therefore, in order to obtain excellent I-V characteristics, the chosen silicane concentration should be no less than 3%.	因此为了获得良好的I-V特性,选用的硅烷浓度不宜低于3%.
An analytical model is proposed to explain the anti-noise characteristics of the circuit and the parameter setting of the chip.	提出了这种电路的分析模型,用于说明电路的抗噪声特性和管子的参数设置.
In order to develop MEMS piezoresistant devices by effectively utilizing polycrystalline silicon nano-films, we studied the relationship between the strain coefficient of a polycrystalline silicon nano-film grown by LPCVD and the Boron doping concentration, and analyzed the structure feature of the film using a scanning electron microscope and X-ray diffraction.	为有效利用多晶硅纳米薄膜研制MEMS压阻器件,本文对LPCVD多晶硅纳米薄膜应变系数与掺硼浓度的关系进行了研究,并利用扫描电镜和X射线衍射实验分析了薄膜的结构特点.
A novel self test method for pressure sensor, phase change thermal actuation, is proposed.	提出一种新型压力传感器自检测方法--相变热驱动法.
Due to large threshold current and voltage, and poor thermal conductivity of the substrate, a high temperature rise under the ridge is generated and a large temperature step is established between the inside and the outside of the ridge.	由于较大的阈值电流和电压以及较差的衬底导热性能,脊形下波导层内会产生较高温升并在脊形内外形成较大的温度台阶.
The radiation effects of 60Co γ-ray 100Gy(Si)~10kGy(Si) exposure and annealing properties of a SiGe HBT are studied.	研究了国产SiGe异质结双极晶体管(HBT) 60Co γ射线100Gy(Si)~10kGy(Si)总剂量辐照后的辐照效应及辐照后的退火特性.
We designed and realized a low voltage, low power consumption series transceiver using the 0.13μm CMOS process.	设计并实现了一种使用0.13μm CMOS 工艺制造的低电压低功耗串行收发器.
The structure material is fabricated by molecular beam epitaxy, the substrate is a (001) semi-induction InP wafer, and the device was fabricated with a mesa structure.	结构材料由分子束外延制备,衬底片为(001)半绝缘InP单晶片,器件制作选用台面结构.
Theoretical analysis and test results indicate that as the process is scaled down, smaller pixel pitches reduce the photo sensitivity.	理论分析和实验结果表明随着工艺尺寸缩小,像素尺寸减小会使光响应灵敏度降低.
We proposed in detail the building procedure for a temperature and electricity model for the fall time of a TF SOI CMOS inverter which is combined with EM NMOST and AM PMOST.	详细介绍了EM NMOST和AM PMOST组合的TF SOI CMOS非门下降时间的温度电学模型建立过程.
The paper has provided a new approach to enhance impedance using an equivalent negative resistance.	给出一种利用等效负电阻实现阻抗增加的方法.
Results of the measurements such as X-ray double crystal diffraction and photoluminescence showed that the porous GaN buffer layer can effectively release the stress between the thick GaN film and the substrate caused by the mismatch in the thermal expansion coefficients, and greatly improve the crystal quality of the thick GaN film.	X射线双晶衍射和光致发光等测试结果表明,多孔结构的GaN缓冲层可以有效地释放GaN厚膜和衬底之间因热膨胀系数失配产生的应力,使GaN厚膜晶体的质量得到很大提高.
An Mn<sub>0.1</sub>Ti<sub>0.9</sub>O<sub>2-δ</sub>(MTO) dilute magnetic semiconductor film has been deposited on an SrTiO3(STO) substrate using OPA-MBE.	采用OPA-MBE方法在SrTiO3(STO)衬底上成功制备了Mn<sub>0.1</sub>Ti<sub>0.9</sub>O<sub>2-δ</sub>(MTO)稀磁半导体薄膜.
Distortion of the C-V characteristics of a SiC buried-channel MOS structure in the pinch-off mode is studied using numerical and analytical methods.	用数值和解析的方法研究了SiC隐埋沟道MOS结构夹断模式下C-V特性的畸变.
The circuit and fixture were used to test a C-band AlGaN/GaN HEMT microwave power device at 5.4GHz.	最后采用该电路和夹具对C波段AlGaN/GaN HEMT微波功率器件进行了微波功率测试,测试频率为5.4GHz.
In order to study the relationship between material crystal shape and device performance, the formation mechanism, and explore the foundation for device quality improvement, using microscope facilities, electronic probes and so on, we analyzed the failure phenomena of the pins of electronic devices with extremely poor weld ability.	为了研究材料晶体形态与器件性能的关系及其形成机理,寻求提高器件质量的依据,利用显微设备、电子探针等对电子器件引脚可焊接性极差的失效现象进行了分析.
When excited by the excitons in ZnO(385nm), the emission intensity of the peak at 760nm is much higher than that at 600nm.	在ZnO的激子激发下(385nm) ,峰值760nm的发光强度远远大于峰值在600nm的发光强度.
Using the high-temperature Hall measurement equipment, we have studied the high temperature transport properties of 2DEG in both a fully strained and a partially strain-relaxed AlGaN/GaN heterostructure. The range of temperature variation is from room temperature to 680K.	采用高温Hall测量仪对一个全应变和一个部分应变弛豫的AlGaN/GaN异质结构中2DEG的高温输运特性进行了研究,温度变化范围从室温到680K.
Results indicate, in comparison with SiC substrates of other crystal types, the smaller lattice mismatches between the SiCGe and 3C-SiC are beneficial to the improvement of device performance. A maximum common emitter current gain of 890 can be achieved. Superb light-trigger properties and good I-V properties are obtained. The saturation voltage drop is approximately 4V.	结果表明,与采用其他结晶类型的碳化硅衬底相比,SiCGe与3C-SiC间较小的晶格失配有利于提高器件性能,可使其最大共射极电流增益达到890,获得最好的光触发特性和较好的I-V特性,饱和压降大约为4V.
It is discovered that a single-phase quaternary compound can be obtained when x≤0.04, while an AgInTe2 phase appears in the sample when x=0.05. With increasing x, the Seebeck coefficient of (AgIn)xPb1-2xTe compound increases, the electric conductivity decreases, and the thermal conductivity decreases. When x=0.01, the thermoelectric figure of merit of the (AgIn)xPb1-2xTe compound is at its maximum, reaching 1.1 at 800K.	结果表明:掺杂量x≤0.04时得到单相四元化合物,x=0.05时样品中出现了组成为AgInTe2第二相;(AgIn)xPb1-2xTe化合物的Seebeck系数随着x增加而增大,电导率随着掺杂量x增加而降低;化合物的热导率随着掺杂量x增大而减小;当x=0.01时,(AgIn)xPb1-2xTe化合物的热电性能指数值最大,在800K时达到1.1.
Raman in-situ measurement is proposed aiming at solving the problem of residual stress created during microprocessing. This Raman in-situ measurement has been carried on the three most common processes: deposition, etching, and bonding.	针对微加工工艺过程造成的残余应力,文中提出了喇曼在线测量方法,并对最常用的三种微加工工艺:淀积、腐蚀或刻蚀及键合进行了喇曼在线测量.
The device achieved a high gain (>1e4) at a low breakdown voltage of 55V, and the dark current was on the order of about 10pA before the device was punched through. The ratio of responsivity was higher than 1e3 at a 0V biasing voltage.	器件在55V的低击穿电压下获得了一个高的增益(>1e4);穿通前器件暗电流约为10pA数量级;0V偏压下器件光谱响应的紫外可见比大于1e3.
The measurement results are consistent with the theoretical analysis. In the deposition process, the residual stress in the silicon wafer created by silicon nitride is larger than that created by silicon oxide. The residual stress formed by silicon oxide in the silicon substrate is compressive stress, while that formed by silicon nitride is tensile stress. Etching and bonding result in a relatively large tensile stress distribution in the silicon wafer, with maximum value higher than 300MPa.	测量结果与理论分析相符,淀积工艺中,氮化硅对硅片造成的残余应力比氧化硅造成的大,且氧化硅在硅衬底上形成的残余应力是压应力,氮化硅形成的是张应力;刻蚀工艺和键合工艺对硅片造成了相对较大的应力分布,且都为张应力,最大值超过300MPa.
The thickness of the incubation layer can be reduced by employing suitable silane concentration or suitable glow power.	可以通过适当的硅烷浓度或适当的辉光功率来降低孵化层的厚度.
The device exhibits a cut-off frequency fT of 18.0GHz and a maximum oscillation frequency fmax of 19.3GHz at a DC bias of IC = 30mA and VCE = 3.0V. Maximum stable gain is 24.5dB, and Mason’s unilateral gain is 26.6dB at 1GHz.	在直流偏置下IC=30mA,VCE=3.0V得到fT和fmax分别为18.0GHz和19.3GHz,1GHz下最大稳定增益为24.5dB,单端功率增益为26.6dB.
The analytical method is used to calculate the built-in electric field in the base with a Gaussian distribution of dopant and a triangular or box-triangular distribution of Ge in the base.	采用解析的方法计算了在基区掺杂为高斯分布,Ge组分分布为三角形分布和矩形三角形分布时基区内建电场的变化情况.
We obtained the optimum conditions for preparing these kinds of nanowires by comparing the results of the experiments using different conditions. Based on these experimental results, the mechanism of the method for preparing silicon oxide nanowires is proposed.	通过不同条件下的对比实验得到制备该纳米线的最佳条件,同时根据实验结果提出了该方法制备硅氧线的生长机理.
We have measured the resistivity of the vanadium implanted layer in the n-type SiC at between 20 oC and 140oC. We calculate that the energy level of the vanadium acceptor is at 4H-Si.	测量了n型SiC钒注入层在20~140°C时的电阻率,计算出钒受主能级在4H-Si
The relationship between peak field-effect mobility and series resistance can be accurately described by a quadratic polynomial.	峰值场效应迁移率和串联电阻的关系可用一个二次多项式来准确描述.
We also proposed a novel over-current protection circuit, which can effectively protect the power output circuits on the chip.	还提出了一种新型的过流保护电路,可以对片内大功率输出级电路进行有效的保护.
The chip’s area is approximately 0.05mm2.	芯片面积约为0.05mm2.
Structural materials suitable for wafer bonded quantum well lasers was designed and grown. Si substrates and InP-InGaAsP epitaxial layers are bonded together by direct wafer bonding.	设计并生长了适合于键合的量子阱激光器结构材料,通过直接键合技术,将Si衬底与 InP-InGaAsP外延片键合到一起.
The average diameter of the nanorods is 20nm, and the length is within several hundred nanometers.	纳米棒的平均直径为20nm,长度在几百纳米范围内.
Resonant Raman scattering spectra further confirm that these peaks originate from the intrinsic energy levels of the studied material rather than some localized exciton emissions in the GaAsN alloys.	共振喇曼散射谱进一步证实了这些发光峰来源于所研究材料的本征能级,而不是来源于GaAsN合金中的一些局域激子发射.
A modeling analysis of thin fully depleted SOICMOS technology has been done. With ISETCAD software, the high temperature properties of a single SOICMOS transistor were simulated in the temperature range of from 300 to 600K, and at the same time the whole circuit of a laser range finder was simulated with Verilog software.	基于薄膜全耗尽SOICMOS工艺,进行了建模分析,在300~600K温度范围内,利用ISETCAD软件对SOICMOS器件单管高温特性进行了模拟分析,同时利用Verilog软件对激光测距电路进行了整体仿真.
The extremely low density of threading dislocations within wing regions makes ELOG GaN suitable to fabricate high performance nitride-based lasers on it.	侧翼区域中极低的穿透位错使得ELOG GaN适用于在其上制作高性能的氮化物基激光器.
The etching process of the different geometrical structures and combinational structures of the sacrificial layer is simulated. Finally, the validity of the simulation is confirmed by experiments.	编程实现了对多种不同牺牲层几何结构以及组合结构腐蚀过程的仿真,最后实验验证了模拟的真实性.
The reference voltage of the chip is 0.4V, the operating current is 4.8μA, the temperature coefficient is less than 80ppm/°C within the range, and the chip area (not including PAD) is 0.045mm2.	芯片输出的基准电压为0.4V,工作电流为4.8μA,在范围内温度系数小于80ppm/°C,面积(不包括PAD)为0.045mm2.
A deep junction n-well/p-substrate photodiode with a reasonable fill factor and high sensitivity are more appropriate for submicron processes.	在深亚微米工艺条件下,较深的n阱/p衬底结光电二极管可以提供合理的填充因子和光响应灵敏度.
To meet the requirement set by the process and the system specification, we modified the designs of the circuit modules such as the high speed current mode differential comparator, the phase detector with window-enabling logic, and the analog continuously-adjusting common-mode feedback circuit.	为适应工艺和系统指标的要求,改进了高速电流模式差分比较器,带跳变窗口使能逻辑鉴相器和模拟连续调整共模反馈电路等电路模块的设计.
Effects of some factors, such as ICP power, DC self-bias, total gas flow rate, and gas composition on the etching rate and surface roughness upon etching are discussed.	实验中通过改变ICP功率、直流自偏压、气体总流量和气体组分等方式,讨论了这些因素对刻蚀速率和刻蚀后表面粗糙度的影响.
After optimization, we discovered that with the A12O3 polishing liquid particle size of 0.6μm, an ultrasonic treatment of 10 minutes, and an ITO with a conducting layer of 50±10nm thick and a sheet resistance of 40Ω/□, the luminance of the device was increased by more than 3 times at the same voltage. The voltage needed for the device to reach a luminance of 100cd/m2 was decreased from 9V to 6V. The maximum luminance of the device reached 25880cd/m2 at 15V, and the maximum efficiency was increased from 2.5cd/A to 382cd/A.	经过优化发现,当Al2O3抛光液水选分级后的粒度是0.6μm,超声时间为10min,采用导电层的厚度是50±10nm,方块电阻是40Ω/□的ITO时,器件的亮度在同一电压下提高了三倍多,器件达到100cd/m2的亮度所需驱动电压也由9V降至6V,器件的最大亮度在15V时达到了25880cd/m2,最大效率也由2.5cd/A提高至382cd/A.
An MZ interferometer employing polarization maintaining fibers was used to measure the electrooptical effect of a thin film material with optical anisotropy.	利用保偏光纤MZ干涉仪测量了光学各向异性薄膜材料的电光效应.
Finally, the asymmetric I-V characteristic is analyzed and discussed.	最后对非对称的I-V特性进行了分析讨论.
In order to realize the normal di-multiplexing function of AWG devices, the accumulation and compensation effects of AWG process tolerance are discussed.	为了实现AWG器件正常的解复用功能,我们对AWG工艺公差的累积和补偿效应进行了讨论.
This paper adopts the 0.5μm GaAs PHEMT process to develop a Monolithically Integrated 850nm Optical Receiver Front End, which includes Metal-Semiconductor-Metal (MSM) photodetector and a distributed amplifier.	采用0.5μm GaAs PHEMT工艺研制出了一种单片集成850nm光接收机前端,它包括金属-半导体-金属(MSM)光探测器和分布放大器.
We proposed an accurate calculation method which sums up each turn’s self-inductance and calculates mutual-inductance using an average approximate formula.	针对这种情况,文中提出了一种以圈为单位分圈迭代求自感,用整体平均法计算互感的平面螺旋电感的电感值计算方法.
When two etchants are applied to the same sample, it is found that the etch pits having a penetrating characteristic formed by Schaake and Chen have a one-to-one correspondence.	将两种腐蚀剂作用于同一样品后发现,Schaake和Chen腐蚀剂形成的具有穿越特性的腐蚀坑有一一对应的关系.
We performed an equivalent circuit analysis on a fabricated and published novel radio frequency integrated micro inductor with ferromagnetic film structure.	针对已制作并发表的一种新型铁氧体磁膜结构射频集成微电感进行了等效电路分析.
The combiner is implemented on a silicon-on-insulator substrate.	在一个绝缘体上硅的基板上实现了该器件.
In addition, the above phenomenon is analyzed and explained.	此外,对以上现象进行了分析和解释.
It was discovered that the irradiation-induced degradation of an npn transistor increases with the increasing of the total dose. Particularly, it was found that at the same total dose, the irradiation-induced degradation of a transistor is reduced when the collector bias current increases.	结果表明,npn晶体管的辐照损伤程度随着辐照总剂量的增加而增加;尤其是实验中发现:在相同的辐照总剂量下随着辐照时集电极偏置电流的增加,晶体管的辐照损伤程度却在减轻.
The analysis further shows that there is no recognizable interface between SiCOF and a-C: F.	分析还发现在SiCOF和a-C∶F之间没有明显的界面层.
To meet the requirements of MEMS (micro-electro-mechanical system) and NEMS (nano-electro-mechanical system) on the film stress measurement, we have developed a novel high sensitivity film stress measuring technique, which uses the quasi-nanometer optical interferometer system we built ourselves, and utilizes the local substrate curvature to measure the inner stress of the film.	针对MEMS(micro-electro-mechanical system)和NEMS(nano-electro-mechanical system)对薄膜应力测试的要求,开发了一种新型高灵敏度薄膜应力测试技术,使用自行搭建的准纳米光学干涉测试系统,利用局部基底弯曲来检测薄膜的内应力.
We optimized the process conditions of hydrogenation for polycrystalline SiGe(1-x)Ge(x) thin film using the hot-wire technique.	优化了热丝法氢处理多晶硅锗薄膜工艺条件.
Based on the Tucker model for semiconductor lasers, this model simulates the input characteristic (V-I characteristic) of a laser by introducing temperature controlled parasitic resistance and the reverse saturation current of the devices, and simulates the output characteristic (L-I characteristic) of the laser by introducing temperature controlled leakage current.	该模型建立在半导体激光器Tucker模型的基础之上,通过令器件的寄生电阻和反向饱和电流受温度控制,来模拟激光器的输入特性(V-I特性),通过引入温度控制的泄漏电流来模拟激光器的输出特性(L-I特性).
The theoretical results	其理论结果和
Therefore, the geometry of the wiring of the interconnect system has an important influence on the heat dissipation of the system.	因此互连系统的几何布线对系统散热具有重要影响.
By comparing the S parameters given by the equivalent circuit after parameter extraction and the S parameters measured in the experiment, we proved the high accuracy of the method.	通过比较提参后等效电路给出的S参数和实验测量的S参数,证明该方法的精度很高.
Using an improved linear combination operator method, Lagrange multiplier, and the variational method, taking into account the interaction of the electron with LO phonon, we studied the temperature dependences of the polaron effective mass and the average number of optical phonons in parabolic quantum wires for both weak-coupling and strong-coupling respectively.	采用改进的线性组合算符法、Lagrange乘子和变分法,在考虑电子与LO声子相互作用情况下,分别研究了抛物量子线中强耦合和弱耦合两种情况下极化子的有效质量和光学声子平均数的温度依赖性.
The chip has been used to construct a … made of two DC converters with an … of 12V/3A	应用该芯片构成了一个由两个直流转换器组成,具有12V/3A输
Simultaneously, we have demonstrated that the electricity leakage of the GaN buffer layer is not the major reason leading to the deterioration of the device.	同时,证明了GaN缓冲层漏电不是导致器件退化的主要原因.
This laid a good experimental foundation for the further development of integrated chip systems.	这对集成化芯片系统的进一步发展打下了良好的实验基础.
It was found that the P-I curves of the 980nm tapered laser diodes with separated electrodes were relatively smooth, without obvious kink.	发现电极分离的980nm锥形激光器的P-I特性曲线比较光滑,没有明显的扭折.
For this testing structure, anisotropic etching and D ... are used	本测试结构使用各向异性腐蚀和D
According to the formula for thermal conductivity of meso-PS, the theoretical ETC value of a meso-PS layer with a porosity of 62% and an average characteristic size of 10nm is 10.753W/(m•K), and that of the meso-PS layer with a porosity of 79% and an average characteristic size of 5nm is 1.035W/(m• K).	应用计算介孔硅有效热导率的公式,得到孔隙率为62%,平均特征尺寸为10nm和孔隙率为79%,平
The Levenberg-Marquardt optimization method is used to extract and optimize the parameters.	参数的提取和优化采用了Levenberg-Marquardt优化方法.
This effect results from a charge imbalance between n-type and p-type layers when the n-type layer of the super junction region is depleted by the p-type substrate.	这种效应来源于p型的衬底辅助耗尽了super junction区的n型层,使p与n之间的电荷不能平衡.
Using this method, we have designed an I/O cell library with an ESD protection circuit based on the 0.5μm CMOS process, which has passed the human-body-model ESD test of 5kV.	利用该方法完成了一套基于0.5μm CMOS工艺、带ESD保护电路的输入输出单元库设计,该单元库通过了5kV的人体模型ESD测试.
The thickness of the incubation layer increases with increasing silane concentration or decreasing glow power.	孵化层的厚度随硅烷浓度的增加或辉光功率的降低而增大.
When compared with HFSS, the relative error of this method is less than 3%. When compared with experiment measurements, the error is less than 4%.	该算法分析值与HFSS仿真值相比,误差小于3%,与样品测量值相比,误差小于4%.
With this refinement, for all cases, the accuracy can reach the order of 1pV.	改进后的方法在所有情况下精度都达到1pV量级.
A novel method for stabilizing a high-order modulator and a novel comb-like filter are presented.	提出了一种新的稳定高阶调制器的方法和一种新的梳状滤波器.
A compact K-band single-stage feedback MMIC broad-band power amplifier fabricated using a/the power PHEMT process is presented.	给出了一种基于功率PHEMT工艺技术设计加工完成的紧凑型K波段单级反馈式MMIC宽带功率放大器.
When Sb doping density x=0.125, the system exhibits metallic behavior.	当Sb掺杂浓度x=0.125时,体系显示金属型导电性.
In order to further understand the rationality of using the average bond energy of semiconductors, Em, as the reference energy level in the calculation of the barrier height at the metal-semiconductor contact in this paper, the “frozen potential” method is used in the LMTO-ASA energy band calculation of metal-semiconductor superlattices to calculate the metal Fermi level EF(M) and the semiconductor average bond energy EM(S) at both sides of the metal-semiconductor interface of different superlattices, such as (Ge2)4(2Al)6(001),(Ge2)4(2Au)6(001), (Ge2)4 (2Ag)6(001),(GaAs)4(2Al)6(001),(GaAs)4(2Au)6(001), and (GaAs)4(2Ag)6(001).	为了进一步了解在金属-半导体接触势垒高度计算中采用半导体平均键能Em作为参考能级的合理性,本文在金属-半导体超晶格的LMTO-ASA能带计算中,引用“冻结势”方法,计算了(Ge2)4(2Al)6(001),(Ge2)4(2Au)6(001), (Ge2)4 (2Ag)6(001),(GaAs)4(2Al)6(001),(GaAs)4(2Au)6(001)和(GaAs)4(2Ag)6(001)等超晶格金属-半导体界面两侧的金属费米能级EF(M)和半导体平均键能Em(S) .
Testing results indicate that the micro inductor has a high Q-factor over a wide range of operating frequencies. The maximum Q-factor of the micro inductor is 38 (@6GHz), with a corresponding inductance of 1.82nH.	测试结果表明,微电感在较宽的工作频率范围内具有高Q值,微电感最大Q值为38 (@6GHz) ,对应的电感量为1.82nH.
We designed a high-precision CMOS current reference circuit for low power LDO voltage regulators.	设计了一种新型的用于低功耗LDO线性稳压器的CMOS高精度参考电流源.
Using this property, we are able to study the electro-thermal instability, the non-uniformity and the degree of non-uniformity of temperature distribution in the junction, as well as to estimate the peak temperature in the junction. These are important for the stability analysis of semiconductor devices.	利用这一特性可以研究器件热电不稳定性,结温分布的不均匀性及不均匀度,峰值结温的估算等,这对于半导体器件可靠性分析具有重要的意义.
The partial differential equations describing the operation of the device are discretized to difference equations using the finite difference method, and the corresponding boundary conditions are transferred to a discretized format with relatively high accuracy.	采用有限差分法把器件工作的偏微分方程转化为差分方程,并将相应的边界条件转化为精度较高的离散化形式.
Compared to conventional CMOS power amplifiers, it has many advantages, including low power consumption, extremely low THD, easy compensation, and good driving capability.	相对于传统的CMOS功率放大器,它具有低功耗、超低THD、易于补偿、驱动能力强等优点.
The mechanisms for the post-damage effect are discussed. The conclusion is that the chief factor is the increase in the interface states during the annealing at room temperature.	对其机理进行了探讨,结果表明其主要原因是室温退火中界面态继续增长引起的.
In addition, we analyzed in detail the growth mechanism of the vapor phase-solid phase (V-S) of the reaction and the photoluminescence mechanism of In2O3.	同时对反应的气相-固相(V-S)生长机理和In2O3的光致发光机理进行了详细分析.
It is shown that the W submicrotube has excellent electrical stability and fatigue properties, which provides an efficient way to reduce the operating current of C-RAM devices.	结果表明,W亚微米管具有良好的电学稳定性和疲劳特性,为降低C-RAM器件的操作电流提供了一种非常有效的途径.
The is due to the higher substrate temperature, the lower bonding efficiency for In to enter into the InxGa1-xN film.	这是由于衬底温度越高,In进入InxGa1-xN薄膜而成键的效率越低.
The result further proves that the green emission center of ZnO film grown on Si is related to the oxygen antisite defects.	这一结果进一步证明Si上生长的ZnO薄膜中的绿色发光中心与氧反位缺陷有关.
This paper verifies that the frequency responses of distributed feedback (DFB) laser diode can be improved using an injection locking method.	验证了通过注入锁模方法,分布反馈(DFB)半导体激光器的频率响应可以得到明显的改善.
The chip was fabricated by the CSMC 0.6μm CMOS process.	本芯片采用CSMC公司0.6μm的CMOS工艺流片.
Fabrication and performance of an Al0.1Ga0.9N/GaN heterojunction p-i-n structure visible-blind ultraviolet detector are studied.	研究了Al0.1Ga0.9N/GaN异质结p-i-n结构可见盲紫外探测器的制备与性能.
The RTD samples with different barrier thicknesses were fabricated on isolated InP substrate by the molecular beam epitaxy method. The highest peak-to-valley current ratio is 18.39 at room temperature.	在半绝缘的InP衬底上采用分子束外延的方法生长制备了不同势垒厚度的RTD材料样品,室温下测量的最高峰-谷电流比为18.39.
We studied the influence of the transition metal, nickel, under rapid thermal processing, on the formation of the denuded zone in Czochralski silicon.	研究了过渡族金属镍在快速热处理作用下对直拉单晶硅中洁净区形成的影响.
Simulation and testing results indicated that, after being powered for 200ms, the module can generate a stable and correct output voltage.	仿真与测试结果表明,在上电200ms后能够生成稳定、正确的输出电压.
The ITO film prepared using optimized conditions achieves a resistivity of 4.8e-4Ω·cm, a transmittance in the visible light waveband of larger than 90%, and a figure of merit of 3.8e-2□/Ω.	在优化的沉积条件下制备ITO薄膜,其电阻率可达到4.8e-4Ω・cm,可见波段的透过率大于90%,性能指数为3.8e-2□/Ω.
The research is very useful for the optimization design of RF MEMS capacitive switches working in low vacuum.	该研究对低真空封装的RF MEMS电容式开关的优化设计很有意义
We fabricated a reference circuit operating between 0.6 to 1.5V through the SMIC 0.18μm CMOS process.	在SMIC 0.18μm CMOS工艺下实现了一种工作在0.6~1.5V下的基准源.
Using the RF magnetron sputtering technique and thermal annealing, we fabricated SiO2 film embedded with silicon nanocrystal and observed photoluminescence phenomena at room temperature, with peaks at 360, 430, and 835nm respectively. We analyzed and discussed the luminescent mechanism by combining absorption spectrum, photoluminescence excitation spectrum, and X-ray diffraction.	采用射频磁控溅射技术和热退火处理制备了纳米Si镶嵌SiO2薄膜,在室温下观察到光致发光现象,峰值分别位于360, 430和835nm, 结合吸收谱、光致发光激发谱和X射线衍射分析讨论了发光机理.
The N buried layer not only compensates for the charge interaction due to the substrate assistant effect, but also realizes an auxiliary current channel and low on-resistance when the device is forward on.	通过该部分n埋层,不仅补偿了由于衬底辅助效应所致的电荷不平衡现象,实现了高的击穿电压,而且该埋层在器件正向导通时为电流提供了辅助通道,减小了器件导通电阻.
A global optimization algorithm based on a genetic algorithm was introduced during the calibration of the model.	在模型校正过程中引入了基于遗传算法的全局优化算法.
Meanwhile, due to the asymmetry of the conduction band distribution, the electron distribution also becomes asymmetric, thus the absorption coefficient is affected.	同时,由于导带分布的不对称性,电子分布也不对称,从而会影响吸收系数.
We proposed a pulse frequency modulation circuit structure for retinal prosthesis.	提出了一种用于视网膜修复的脉冲频率调制电路结构.
The chip was designed and fabricated using a 0.35μm 2P4M CMOS process. Testing results showed that, at a typical power supply voltage of 3.3V and a wave chopping frequency of 100kHz, the typical value of the input equivalent mismatch voltage of the wave chopping amplifier is smaller than 93.7μV, the input equivalent noise is 19.6nV/Hz, the open loop gain is as high as 83.9dB, and the unit gain bandwidth is 10MHz.	芯片在0.35μm 2P4M CMOS工艺下设计并流片,测试表明在3.3V的典型电源电压和100kHz的斩波频率下,斩波放大器具有小于93.7μV的输入等效失调电压典型值,19.6nV/Hz的输入等效噪声,开环增益达83.9dB,单位增益带宽为10MHz.
The injection locking of an erbium-doped fiber ring laser (EDFRL) is studied, and a novel method to stabilize the wavelength and output power of tunable single-longitudinal-mode EDFRL with compound cavity structure is proposed. This method is realized by injecting low power continuous light into EDFRL which has a structure of a Fabry-perot tunable filter combined with a compound cavity.	研究了掺铒光纤环形腔激光器(EDFRL)的注入锁定现象,提出了一种实现可调谐的单纵模EDFRL波长及功率稳定的新方法,即利用注入锁定技术向法布里-珀罗可调滤波器结合复合腔结构的EDFRL腔内注入低功率的连续光,使某一纵模在注入连续光的基础上起振.
We specifically designed a variable delay phase frequency detector and a compensation current source, and provided simulation results at both the behavioral level and the circuit level.	特别设计了可变延迟的鉴频鉴相器和补偿电流源,并给出了行为级和电路级的仿真结果.
We studied a novel gas sensor based on a silicon beam resonator.	研究了一种基于硅悬臂梁谐振器的新型气体传感器.
Based on TO packaging, the output power is over 5mW under a 100mA operating current, and the output wavelengths are 1732±10nm. The experimental results of high-temperature, constant-current accelerated aging show that the devices are reliable over long operation periods and could have practical applications.	采用TO封装后,100mA工作电流下激光器的输出功率大于5mW,输出波长为1732±10nm,高温恒流加速老化筛选实验表明,器件具有长期工作的可靠性,满足实用化要
The measured electrooptical coefficients are comparable with existing results.	测量的电光系数和已有结果有较好的可比性.
The phase noise is optimized through a dynamic phase and frequency detector.	通过使用一个动态的鉴频鉴相器,优化了相位噪声性能.
With an S-bend, which couples the switch and fiber array as a variable optical attenuator, the device is more compact, and low crosstalk and a large branching-angle are also obtained.	利用开关与光纤阵列耦合用的S弯曲,将其设计成可变光衰减器,这使得器件更紧凑,并获得低串扰和大分叉角.
On the basis of no requirement of increasing power consumption, this technique, by transferring the offset voltage from the output port to other nodes of the differential amplifier, achieves the goal of reducing the input-referred offset voltage accordingly.	这种技术在不需要增加功耗的基础上,通过把输出端的失调电压转移到差分放大器的其他节点,从而达到减小输入参考的失调电压的目的.
The chip was fabricated using the 1.5μm BCD (Bipolar-CMOS-DMOS) process. The area of the chip is 3.6mm2.	芯片采用1.5μm BCD (Bipolar-CMOS-DMOS)工艺设计实现,面积为3.6mm2.
A novel method for designing electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection circuits is presented.	提出了一种新的静电泄放(electrostatic discharge, ESD)保护电路设计方法.
The noise and sensitivity of the optoelectronic integrated circuit receiver and the relation between them are analyzed in detail.	具体分析了这个光电集成接收机的噪声和灵敏度及其相互关系.
This paper presents a transient method to simultaneously measure these three parameters. Furthermore, we have discussed the influence of a heat sink on the measurement result.	文中介绍了一种能同时测量这三个参数的瞬态方法,并讨论了热沉对测试结果的影响.
Considering the application of practical photonic integration, we have discussed the optimized design of this ridge optical waveguide with a Bragg grating. We have presented the testing and theoretical simulation results of the Bragg grating.	考虑到实际的光子学集成的应用,讨论了这个带有布拉格光栅的脊状光波导的优化设计,给出了该布拉格光栅的测试和理论模拟结果.
When SiO2 is added, we obtained a photonic crystal structure with good pattern quality.	而增加SiO2掩模后,获得了图形质量良好的光子晶体结构.
The theoretical working model of the mirror is analyzed in this paper, and the design and fabrication process of the mirror are also introduced. The effects of some operating parameters such as bias voltage and current frequency on the membrane deformation are verified by experiment.	文中分析了此反射镜工作的理论模型,介绍了此装置的制作工艺,并通过实验验证了偏置电压幅值、交流电压频率等参数对可
Having a timing jitter of 14ps and eye amplitude of 138mV, the measured output eye diagram for 10Gb/s NRZ pseudorandom binary sequence (PRBS) is clear and satisfactory.	在输入10Gb/s非归零(NRZ)伪随机二进制序列(PRBS)信号下,放大器输出眼图清晰,具有14ps的定时抖动和138mV的峰峰电压.
There exists a pn junction in the buried-channel MOSFET. When the channel is pinched-off, the surface depletion region is connected with the pn junction depletion region, and the total surface capacitance is the series connection of the capacitance of the surface depletion region and the capacitance of the pn junction, which distorts the C-V characteristics of the buried-channel MOS structure.	隐埋沟道MOSFET中存在一个pn结,在沟道夹断以后,半导体表面耗尽区和pn结耗尽区连在一起,这时总的表面电容是半导体表面耗尽区电容和pn结电容的串联,使埋沟MOS结构的C-V特性发生畸变.
At normal temperature, the resistivities of vanadium implanted 4H-SiC of p-type and n-type are 16E10 and 7.6E6Ω·cm, respectively.	常温下,钒注入p型和n型4H-SiC的电阻率分别为16E10和7.6E6Ω・cm.
InP-InGaAsP quantum well laser diodes on Si substrates were fabricated by bonding, and room temperature CW operation with electrical pumping in these laser diodes was realized.	采用键合技术在Si基上制备了InP-InGaAsP量子阱激光器,实现了电注入室温连续工作.
The effect of Pt doping on the stress in the nickel silicide film has been characterized using an in-situ stress measurement.	利用在线应力测试技术表征了掺入Pt后对镍硅化物薄膜应力性质的影响.
Rutherford backscattering measurement results indicate that the In, Al, and Ga compositions in the InAlGaN epitaxial layer are 2%, 22%, and 76% respectively. Furthermore, the depth distributions of these elements are relatively uniform.	卢瑟福背散射测量结果表明,InAlGaN外延层中In, Al和Ga的组分分别为2%, 22%和76%,并且元素的深度分布比较均匀.
A planar coil inductor is designed to study the substrate loss. Simulation results show that the Q factor of the inductor on both substrates is over 20.	为了研究衬底损耗,设计了平面螺旋电感,其Q值在两种衬底上的仿真结果都超过了20.
The monolithically integrated receiver adopts an advanced deep sub-micron MS/RF (mixed signal, radio frequency) CMOS technique. Using the new technology provided by the new technique, we performed amelioration of the original photodiode to significantly improve its partial performance, which helps to improve the performance of the entire photoelectric integrated chip.	这种单片集成接收机采用了先进的深亚微米MS/RF(混合信号/射频)CMOS工艺,利用这种新型工艺提供的新技术对原有光电二极管进行了改进,使其部分性能显著改善,并对整个光电集成芯片性能的提高有所帮助.
The charge retention ability of an electrically-erasable programmable read-only memory (EEPROM) unit at a given voltage has been analyzed and studied theoretically and experimentally. A theoretical formula for the charge retention ability of an EEPROM unit is derived. The electrical characteristics of the unit at the state of retention are obtained. It is found that in a log-log plot, the degeneracy of the threshold voltage is in a linear relationship with time.	利用理论推导和实验方法对电可擦除可编程只读存储器EEPROM单元在给定电压下的电荷保持特性进行了分析和研究,得出了EEPROM单元电荷保持能力的理论公式,得到了单元保持状态下的电特性曲线,发现在双对数坐标下,阈值电压的退化率与时间成线性关系.
Via a silicon wafer bonding exmaple, using the dimensionless parameter α as a measure, three regions of silicon wafer bonding can be identified: self-propagating silicon wafer bonding (a>1.065), external pressure assisted silicon wafer bonding (0.57<α<1.065), and silicon wafer bonding with voids (a<0.57).	以硅片键合为例,根据参数α可以把硅片键合分为三种类型:硅片直接键合(α>1.065) ;在外压力作用下键合(0.57<α<1.065)和有空洞产生的键合(α<0.57) .
The receiver is fabricated by a 0.18μm CMOS process.	该接收机采用0.18μm CMOS工艺实现.
The transmitter was fabricated by hybrid integration of a high speed integrated circuit and an optoelectronic device, using film circuit and laser diode technology. The high speed integrated circuit consists a 4:1 multiplexer and a laser diode driver fabricated using a 0.35μm Si CMOS process. The optoelectronic device is a laser diode driver chip that was fabricated using wet etching, polymer planar, and lift-off technologies. The integrated module, which was encapsulated with a wing shell, is small and performs well.	该发射机采用薄膜电路和激光焊接耦合技术将高速集成电路和光电子器件进行混合集成,其中高速集成电路是采用0.35μm硅CMOS工艺实现的单片4∶1复接器加激光驱动器芯片,光电子器件是采用湿法腐蚀、聚合物平坦和lift-off等技术实现的激光器芯片,最终混合集成模块采用蝶形管壳进行封装,体积小、性能优良.
This paper presents an LC VCO with auto-amplitude control (AAC), in which pMOS FETs are used and the varactors are directly connected to ground to widen the linear range of Kvco. The AAC circuitry adds little noise to the VCO but provides it with robust performance over a wide temperature and carrier frequency range. The VCO is fabricated in a chartered 50GHz 0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS process. The measurements show that it has -127.27dBc/Hz phase noise at 1MHz offset and a linear gain of 32.4MHz/V between 990MHz and 1.14GHz. The whole circuit draws a 6.6mA current from a 5V supply.	This paper presents an LC VCO with auto-amplitude control (AAC), in which pMOS FETs are used and the varactors are directly connected to ground to widen the linear range of Kvco. The AAC circuitry adds little noise to the VCO but provides it with robust performance over a wide temperature and carrier frequency range. The VCO is fabricated in a chartered 50GHz 0.35μm SiGe BiCMOS process. The measurements show that it has -127.27dBc/Hz phase noise at 1MHz offset and a linear gain of 32.4MHz/V between 990MHz and 1.14GHz. The whole circuit draws a 6.6mA current from a 5V supply.
Output frequency ranges between 4.1GHz and 4.3GHz as required by the transceiver. Its maximum tuning range is 500MHz.	其输出频率范围可以覆盖收发机所需4.1~4.3GHz的频段,其最大调谐范围为500MHz.
The proposed driving circuit has already been applied successfully in a 132RGB×176-dot, 260K color one-chip driver IC for the TFT-LCD of mobile phones, and it can also be used in other portable electronic devices, such as PDAs and digital cameras.	本文的设计结果已成功应用于132RGB×176分辨率、26万色彩色显示手机用TFT-LCD驱动芯片中,其也可用于PDA、数码相机等其他便携电子设备的显示驱动.
When the substrate temperature was raised from 100°C to 300°C, the resistivity of the samples decreased from 0.49 to 0.023Ω·cm.	衬底温度从100°C上升到300°C时,样品的电阻率从0.49降低到0.023Ω・cm.
Through the Gauss fitting method, the PL spectra of the S2a sample show three luminescence lines b, c, and d. Among them, b is attributed to the excitation emission in ZnO. The donor level E1 is measured by DLTS …	利用高斯拟合方法,样品S2a的PL谱分解为三条发光线b, c和d,其中发光线b可归结为ZnO中的激子发射;DLTS测量得到的施主能级E1与
The crystalline quality, defects, and structural characters of the A1N crystals were investigated using Raman scattering and cathodoluminescence spectroscopy.	用喇曼散射和阴极荧光谱研究了AlN晶体的结晶质量、缺陷和结构特性.
The calculated lattice constant is 0.649nm, which agrees well with the standard value.	晶格常数的计算值为0.649nm,与标准值符合得较好.
In this paper, we propose an optical model of a cylindrical lens for fiber coupling based on the method of coupling an angle-ended fiber to the front facet of a chip that is widely used in high-speed optical receivers. We also study the effect of the packing process on coupling efficiency with the optical model and software simulation.	文中针对一种高速光探测器中常用的光耦合方式--倾斜端面光纤到倒装芯片的耦合,提出了光纤耦合的柱透镜光学模型,并通过理论和光学软件模拟了各种封装工艺条件对耦合效率的影响.
Using prism coupling and Raman spectra methods, we found an increase in the film density and refraction index after the As2S8 film was thermally treated.	采用棱镜耦合技术、喇曼光谱测试技术,确认了As2S8薄膜经热处理后,薄膜密度增高和折射率增大的现象.
We proposed a four quadrant CMOS analog multiplier. The multiplier uses an active attenuator and Gilbert cell.	给出了一种CMOS型四象限模拟乘法器,该乘法器采用有源衰减器结合吉尔伯特单元结构.
Through measurement, we have obtained an I-V characteristic hysteresis curve which has never been reported before. This experimental value matches the value given by the theoretical model in principle.	通过测量,得到了一个未见报道过的滞回式I-V特性曲线,这个实验值和理论模型给出的值大体相当.
The structure can operate properly under a 0.5V power supply voltage. Compared to a 6-transistor cell, the structure's transient response is normal and the power consumption is 1/10 of that of a 6-transistor cell, satisfying the requirement of low voltage and low power consumption.	该结构可以在0.5V的电源电压下正常工作,与6管单元相比,该单元瞬态响应正常,功耗只有6管单元的1/10,满足低压低功耗的要求.
The real-time measurements of the InAs/GaAs quantum dot memory properties such as hysteresis and bias-cooling C-V show that the storage mechanism is caused by the deep energy levels of quantum dot layers, not the charging and discharging of intrinsic energy levels of quantum dots.	在室温下通过对InAs/GaAs量子点存储器的延滞回线、偏压降温C-V等特性的实时测试,证明了其存储机理是由量子点层的深能级引起的,而并非是由量子点本征能级的充、放电所造成的.
Taking into account the dispersion effect of the refractive index of the double-layer (DL) anti-reflection coating (ARC) material, we computed the function curve of the refraction index vs. wavelength for SiO2/ZnSe and SiO2/ZnS DL ARCs of GaAs solar cells according to the optical interference matrix, and the function curve of the weighted average reflectivity vs. the thickness of the SiO2 ARC of the top layer. We compared it with cases without taking into account the dispersion effect.	考虑双层减反射膜材料的折射率色散效应,采用光学干涉矩阵法计算了SiO2/ZnSe和SiO2/ZnS两种GaAs太阳电池双层减反射膜的反射率与波长的函数曲线,以及加权平均反射率随着顶层减反射膜SiO2厚度变化的函数曲线,并与未考虑色散效应的情况进行了对比.
AlGaN/AlN/GaN high electron mobility transistor (HEMT) structures with a high-mobility GaN thin layer as a channel are grown on highly resistive 6H-SiC substrates by metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD). The HEMT structure exhibits a two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) mobility of 1944cm2/(V·s) at room temperature and 11588cm2/(V·s) at 80K respectively with corresponding 2DEG concentrations of 1.03E13cm-2. The high quality of the HEMT crystal structures and surface appearance is confirmed by triple-crystal X-ray diffraction analysis and atomic force microscopy measurements. The surface roughness is 0.27nm within a scan area of 10μm×10μm.	用MOCVD技术在高阻6H-SiC衬底上研制出了具有高迁移率GaN沟道层的AlGaN/AlN/GaN高电子迁移率晶体管(HEMT)结构材料,其室温和80K时二维电子气迁移率分别为1944和11588cm2/(V・s),相应二维电子气浓度为1.03E13cm-2;三晶X射线衍射和原子力显微镜分析表明该材料具有良好的晶体质量和表面形貌,10μm×10μm样品的表面粗糙度为0.27nm.
A novel digital transceiver for a CT0 cordless telephone standard is introduced.	介绍了一种新颖的用于CT0无绳电话标准的数字收发器.
We studied in detail the distribution of UV-induced refractive index changes along the depth of the samples.	详细研究了紫外光诱导出的折射率变化沿样品深度方向的分布情况.
In order to design a photonic crystal microcavity with a high quality factor and to study the dependence of the resonant mode wavelength on the lattice constant of a single-defect photonic crystal microcavity, we have calculated the resonant mode wavelength and the quality factor of the air hole arrayed photonic crystal microcavities on semiconductor materials, using the finite difference time-domain method and the Padé approximation method based on the Baker algorithm.	为了设计一种高品质因子的光子晶体微腔和研究单缺陷光子晶体微腔谐振模波长随晶格常数的变化规律,使用时域有限差分法(difference time-domain method)和基于Baker算法的Padé近似方法计算了半导体材料上空气孔阵列光子晶体微腔的谐振模波长和品质因子.
The atomic force microscope images showed that, using the etching conditions presented in this paper, etching did not induce evident change to the surface profile. The root mean square roughness of the surface is smaller than 1.2nm.	原子力显微镜显示,在文中所用的刻蚀条件范围内,刻蚀并没有引起表面形貌较大的变化,刻蚀表面的均方根粗糙度在1.2nm以下.
The properties of the bound polaron in a parabolic quantum dot are studied using variational method based on successive canonical transformations. In the study, single-mode squeezed-state transformation is used to treat the bilinear terms comprising the phonon generation-annihilation operators.	采用基于逐次正则变换的变分方法,利用单模压缩态变换处理包含声子产生湮灭算符的双线性项,研究了抛物量子点中束缚极化子的性质.
It was revealed that when the partial pressure of the nitrogen is 1/2, a polycrystalline single-phase zinc nitride film can be formed.	结果表明当氮气分压为1/2时可以生成多晶单一相的氮化锌薄膜.
By means of three-dimensional electromagnetic field simulation, we have simulated and analyzed the spiral inductors of different layout configurations with the same silicon substrate structure.	使用三维电磁场模拟的方法对相同硅衬底结构下不同布图结构的螺旋电感进行了模拟和分析.
Based on the reliable and direct method of parameter extraction, results shows the new model system is more accurate and stable in a wider range of frequency and voltage biasing.	根据此模型提供了一套稳定的直接提参方法,结果表明新的模型系统具有简单、适应频率、偏压范围广、稳定性好和精度高等特点.
We studied the effects of several factors on the channel mobility of 4H-SiC buried-channel MOSFETs.	研究了几种因素对4H-SiC隐埋沟道MOSFET沟道迁移率的影响.
Using a simple testing system composed of a constant current pulse generator and a data acquisition card, we measure the resistance voltage and the Seebeck voltage of the cooler under a small current. The ZT value and the maximum cooling temperature difference are derived from these two voltages.	利用一个由恒流脉冲发生器和数据采集卡组成的简单测试系统测得制冷器在小电流下的电阻电压和塞贝克电压,通过这两个电压推导出ZT值、最大制冷温差.
The enhancement of the field emission capability of unoriented grown ZnO nanowire films is attributed to the fact that the possessed sparse structure avoids the screening effect generated under the action of a strong field. The current density of film field emission is increased effectively.	非取向生长ZnO纳米线薄膜场发射能力的增强归因于其所具有的稀疏结构避免了强场作用下屏蔽效应的产生,有效地提高了薄膜场发射的电流密度.
Theoretical analysis and experimental results show that 2mm-wide linear liquid film is suitable for monitoring because it contains the information of temperature change and special distribution. We can set the center of the liquid film as an ideal characteristic observation point. The rudimental linear liquid film formed by sliding droplets can generate super thin liquid film. Thus it can reduce the impact of film thickness and increase the sensitivity to the temperature. Vertical placement of GaAs can avoid the influence of film weight on the startup time.	理论分析和实验结果均表明,宽度为2mm的呈直线形状的GaAs表面酸性液膜是较为理想的监测对象,因其同时具备温度变化信息和空间分布信息,可以将线形液膜中心作为理想的观测特征点;由滑动液滴形成残留线形液膜可以得到超浅液膜,降低膜厚影响,温度变化灵敏度高,GaAs竖直放置,可以表面避免液膜
SiGe films are deposited on n-Si(100) and SiO2 substrates respectively by ion beam sputtering.	分别在n-Si(100)和SiO2衬底上用离子束溅射法淀积SiGe薄膜.
Because of the volatilization of the graphite heater at high temperature and the presence of transitional metal ions in the materials, the Al2O3 crystal grown by temperature gradient technique (TGT) presents different colors at different parts, commonly light red on the top and light yellow-green on the tail.	温度梯度法(temperature gradient technique,TGT)生长的Al<sub>2</sub>O<sub>3</sub>晶体因石墨发热体在高温时的挥发和原料中过渡性金属离子的存在,在不同部位呈现不同颜色,一般上部为浅红色,尾部为浅黄绿色.
By scanning the photo sensitive area of the detector using a light beam of 359nm, we measured the uniformity of the spatial responsivity of the device at different biases. The fluctuation of the response amplitude at the center region of the photo sensitive area at corresponding bias is less than 0.6%.	利用波长359nm光束横向扫描探测器的光敏面,测量了探测器在不同偏压下的空间响应均匀性,相应偏压下的光响应在光敏面中央范围内响应幅值变化不超过0.6%.
The change in the relative intensities of the peaks in the emission spectrum of the sample depends on the excitation wavelength and Dy3+ doping concentration.	样品的发射光谱中峰值的相对强度变化依赖于激发波长和Dy3+的掺杂浓度.
In the photoluminescence spectrum of ZnO:Dy3+ nano powder , besides the 4f→4f transition of Dy3+, we found for the first time the wide band emission peaks of two defects A and B generated by incorporating Dy into ZnO. The two peaks are located at 600 and 760nm, respectively, with FWHMs of 200 and 100nm, respectively.	结果表明,从ZnO:Dy3+纳米粉末的光致发光光谱中首次发现除了Dy3+的4f→4f跃迁外,出现了Dy掺入ZnO后产生的两个缺陷A和B的宽谱带发射峰,峰值分别在600和760nm,半高宽分别约为200和100nm.
Due to the weak built-in waveguide property of the ridge waveguide, the temperature step hasa strong influence on the confinement of lateral mode.	由于脊形波导的弱自建波导特性,这一温度台阶会对侧向模式的限制产生较大的影响.
XPS was used to analyze the atomic concentration of three samples under three conditions: before and after Ar+ etching, and after wet etching post treatments.	用XPS分析了未刻蚀、Ar+刻蚀和湿法腐蚀后处理三种情况下样品表面原子含量.
The specific on-resistances of different breakdown voltages are calculated, which are further compared with the two-dimensional device simulation results and experimental results.	计算了不同击穿电压的比导通电阻,并与二维器件模拟结果和实验结果相比较.
With a B2H6 flow rate of 10sccm, a 1000nm thick ZnO film with textured surface was deposited on a 6cm×6cm glass substrate. The sheet resistance of the film is ~12Ω/□, the average transmittance is larger than 80%, and the mobility is 30.5cm2/(V∙s). PL spectrum shows an improved crystal quality for B-doped ZnO, which indicates that B-doped ZnO has better electrical stability. Annealing in a low pressure H2 atmosphere can effectively increase the electron mobility of the ZnO film.	当B2H6流量为10sccm时,在6cm×6cm面积玻璃衬底上生长出厚度为1000nm,方块电阻为~12Ω/□,平均透过率大于80%,迁移率为30.5cm2/(V・s)的绒面结构ZnO薄膜.PL谱测试表明B掺杂提高了ZnO薄膜的晶体质量,有力地说明了B掺杂ZnO薄膜具有更好的电学稳定性;低压H2氛围中退火可以有效提高ZnO薄膜的电子迁移率.
When the back of the device is illuminated by a laser, the change of carrier concentration in the GaAs will causes an impedance redistribution between the mirror surface and the photoconductive substrate, and the change of voltage from the mirror surface to the photoconductive substrate. Thus, the mirror surface is deformed because of the static electric effect.	当感光底层背面被激光照亮时,GaAs中载流子的变化导致镜面与感光底层之间电阻的重新分布,从而镜面与感光底层之间电压发生变化,因此在静电力的作用下镜面将会发生相应的形变.
We have carried out cross-sectional TEM analysis and measurements on the electrical property (C-V property) under different conditions, including +/-BT analysis on nano-crystal devices, especially MOS capacitors.	对纳米晶器件,尤其是MOS电容进行了横截面TEM分析和不同条件下的电学特性(C-V特性)测量,包括+/-BT分析.
A single channel 2.5Gb/s/ch data recovery circuit with an area of 0.46mm2 was fabricated using a TSMC standard 0.18μm CMOS process.	采用TSMC标准的0.18μm CMOS工艺制作了一个单通道的2.5Gb/s/ch数据恢复电路,其面积为0.46mm2.
We introduced the TiSi2/p-Si reverse Schottky barriers (RSB) on Silicon-on-insulator dynamic threshold voltage MOSFETs to SO1 DTMOS.	将Ti硅化物-p型体区形成的反偏肖特基势垒结构引入绝缘体上硅动态阈值晶体管.
A negative capacitance phenomenon can be observed in light emitting diodes when the capacitance-voltage characteristics of LEDs are measured using the forward small AC signal method.	利用正向交流(AC)小信号方法对发光二极管(LED)的电容-电压特性进行测量,可以观察到发光二极管中的负电容现象.
We studied a new lateral double diffused trench gate MOSFET with double RESURF technology.	研究了采用双RESURF技术的槽栅横向双扩散MOSFET (DRTG-LDMOS) .
Based on analog and digital tuning techniques (4-bit binary switch-capacitor array), the VCO has a 16.15% tuning range (1.8998 to 2.2335GHz).	利用模拟和数字(4位二进制开关电容阵列)调频技术,压控振荡器的调频范围达到16.15% (1.8998~2.2335GHz) .
The ZT value, the maximum cooling temperature difference, and the response time are the important parameters to characterize the performance of semiconductor coolers.	ZT值、最大制冷温差和响应时间是表征半导体制冷器性能的重要参数.
First, based on the equivalent circuit of a MIS testing structure, we modified the effects of leakage current and substrate resistance using dual-frequency C-V measurement, and obtained correct C-V characteristics of HfO2 high-k gate dielectric.	首先,根据MIS测试结构等效电路,采用双频C-V特性测试技术对漏电流和衬底电阻的影响进行修正,得出HfO2高k栅介质的准确C-V特性.
We analyzed the experimental results of REBULF LDMOS. The test results on the breakdown voltage confirmed that the increasing of leakage current was due to the n+ floating layer, which was found in the simulation. However, the leakage current of the n+p junction exposed to the surface decreased the breakdown voltage.	分析了REBULF LDMOS的实验结果,由击穿电压的测试结果验证了模拟仿真中发现的漏电流增加源于n+浮空层的作用,但暴露于表面的n+p结的漏电流使击穿电压降低.
The related mechanism is analyzed and verified by simulation.	并对相关机理进行了分析和仿真验证.
The CdS/CdTe solar cell is an important research topic in the study of thin film solar cells.	CdS/CdTe太阳电池是薄膜太阳电池研究工作的一个重要方向.
Embedding this model into PSPICE software, we have realized the analog analysis of a SiGe HBT device and circuit. We have also conducted a DC analysis on the device. The analytical result agrees well with the results reported by other publications.	将该模型嵌入PSPICE软件中,实现了对SiGe HBT器件与电路的模拟分析,并对器件进行了直流分析,分析结果与文献报道的结果符合得较好.
Stress-induced gate oxide damage is located not only in the drain side but also in the source side.	栅氧化层损伤不仅在漏区一侧产生,而且也会在源区一侧产生.
Based on the study of the principle of optoelectronic coupling devices and the theory of 1/f noise, a CTR characterization model and a 1/f noise model for optoelectronic coupling devices are established in this paper.	本文在研究光电耦合器工作原理以及1/f噪声理论的基础上,建立了光电耦合器的CTR表征模型和1/f噪声模型.
The paper mainly introduces the design essentials of LC oscillators.	主要介绍了LC振荡器的设计要点.
For this PSOI radio frequency LDMOS with an n-type buried structure, the width of the depletion layer beneath the I layer is increased, the output capacitance is decreased, and the junction capacitance leaked to the substrate is lowered by 39.1% and 26.5% as compared to normal LDMOS and PSOI LDMOS, respectively.	具有n埋层结构的PSOI射频LDMOS,其I层下的耗尽层宽度增大,输出电容减小,漏至衬底的结电容比常规LDMOS和PSOI LDMOS分别降低39.1%和26.5%.
According to the theory of seepage model, we also discussed the relationship between the model hermeticity (i.e. leakage rate) and the distance from the device cavity border to the wafer edge.	还根据渗流模型理论,讨论了简易模型下气密性(即渗流率)和器件腔体边缘到划片边缘的间距的关系.
Deep etching experiment show that penetrating dislocations having a directional penetrating characteristic, as people generally think, do exist in the epitaxial material.	深度腐蚀实验显示外延材料中确实存在着通常认为的具有定向穿越特性的穿越位错.
The differential equation for squeeze-film air damping of slotted plate structure has no restrictions on the thickness and the lateral dimensions of the slotted plate. It provides a useful method for analyzing the squeeze-film air damping of slotted plates with finite dimensions and finite thickness.	该槽板结构压膜空气阻尼的微分方程对槽板的厚度和横向尺度没有限制,为分析有限尺寸和有限厚度槽板的压膜空气阻尼提供了一个有用的方法.
We proposed a completely new phase shift mask - sidewall chrome attenuated phase shift mask (SCAPSM). Compared to conventional attenuated phase shift mask, the fabrication process only has two more steps, but the lithography resolution can be greatly improved.	提出了一种全新的移相掩模--侧墙铬衰减型移相掩模(SCAPSM) ,相对于通常的衰减型移相掩模,其制造工艺仅多两步,却可以较大幅度提高光刻分辨率.
The circuit is taped out using a 1.2μm double-poly double metal CMOS process and satisfactory results are obtained.	电路采用1.2μm双层多晶硅双层金属CMOS工艺流片,取得了满意的结果.
By controlling the volume of phase change material in the pressure chamber and the power of the heating resistance, the self test of pressure sensors with different measuring ranges can be realized.	通过控制压力腔中相变物质的填充量与加热电阻的加热功率,可以实现不同量程压力传感器的自检测.
We propose a novel method for enhancing the sensitivity and the speed of CMOS optoelectronic integrated receivers – pre-equalization. The frequency compensation is carried out on the transmitted signal at the front-end of the receiving amplifier. Three types of pre-equalized 035μm CMOS optoelectronic integrated receivers have been designed using parallel resonant circuit, third-order ladder network or high-pass filter peaking techniques, respectively.	提出了一种解决CMOS光电集成接收机灵敏度和速度问题的新方法--前均衡法,即在接收放大电路的前端对传输信号进行频率补偿,并分别采用并联谐振回路、三次阶梯网络和高通滤波器峰化技术设计了三种前均衡035μm CMOS光电集成接收机.
We achieved for the first time single mode lasing, with threshold currents only at 50mA and 80mA, cavity lengths of 145μm and 170μm, and wavelengths of 5.4μm and 7.84μm respectively.	首次实现阈值电流仅为50mA、腔长为145μm的激射波长在λ≈5.4μm的单模激射和阈值电流仅为80mA、腔长为170μm的激射波长在λ≈7.84μm的单模激射.
	.
Numerical computation has been carried out on a CdF2/AgCl quantum well. The results indicate that the oscillation frequency and self-trapping energy of magnetopolarons decreases with increasing well width and increases with increasing magnetic field. However, the contributions of interactions of different phonons with electrons and magnetic fields to the oscillation frequency and self-trapping energy of magnetopolarons are greatly different.	对CdF2/AgCl量子阱进行了数值计算,结果表明,磁极化子的振动频率和自陷能随阱宽的增加而减小,随磁场的增加而增大,但不同支声子与电子和磁场相互作用对磁极化子的振动频率和自陷能的贡献大不相同.
Results show that MER-LDMOS breaks through the high voltage shielding capability of conventional LDMOS. The breakdown voltage is increased by over 100% compared with conventional LDMOS. Simultaneously, this structure has advantages such as a simple technique, a large process tolerance, and a small reverse leakage current. It provides a new scheme to solve the problem of high voltage shielding in high voltage integrated circuits.	结果表明MER-LDMOS突破常规LDMOS高压屏蔽的能力,击穿电压较常规LDMOS提高一倍以上;同时,该结构具有工艺简单、工艺容差大、反向泄漏电流小等优点,为高压集成电路中高压屏蔽的问题提供了一种新的解决方案.
Measurements based on 0.25μm CMOS technology show that a continuous-gain control range of 8~48dB and a 3rd intermodulation distortion of better than -60dBc at a differential output of 1V peak-to-peak are obtained. The noise figure at maximum gain is 8.7dB, and the OIP3 loaded with 50Ω is 14.2dBm.	基于0.25μm CMOS工艺的测试结果表明,放大器实现了8~48dB的增益连续变化,差分输出1V峰峰值下的三阶互调失真小于-60dBc,最大增益处噪声系数为8.7dB, 50Ω负载下三阶输出截点为14.2dBm.
By comparison we proposed design optimization results.	通过比较给出了设计优化结果.
The receiver consists of an input signal pre-amplifier, two 1:20 deserializers and a clock recovery circuit.	接收器包括一个输入信号预放大器,两个1∶20的解串器以及时钟恢复电路.
Meanwhile, this actuator has a relatively large micro-mirror with an area of 600µm×700µm. Testing results indicate that the micro-mirror actuator can be used in the field of optical communication.	同时该驱动器具有较大的微反射镜面,面积达到600μm×700μm,试验结果表明微镜面驱动器将可以应用于光通信领域.
Plasma-induced damage on 90nm Cu dual Damascene technology devices is investigated.	研究了等离子体工艺对90nm铜大马士革工艺器件的损伤.
Using two-dimensional surface detector X-ray diffraction (XRD) we measure the residual stresses of aluminum interconnecting wires of 1μm and 0.5μm thick before and after annealing.	采用二维面探测器X射线衍射(XRD)测量1μm和0.5μm厚Al互连线退火前后的残余应力.
From the decrease of the device DC parameters, we have analyzed the post-stress property degradation phenomenon and made a comparison with the current collapse phenomenon under continuous DC sweeping. Simultaneously, we have observed the recovery effect of ultraviolet irradiation on the post-stress property degradation of the devices.	从器件直流参数的下降分析了应力后的特性退化现象并与连续直流扫描电流崩塌现象进行了对比,同时观察了紫外光照对应力后器件特性退化的恢复作用.
The chip is implemented by a 3μm polycrystal silicon-gate standard CMOS technology.	芯片采用3μm多晶硅栅标准CMOS工艺进行流水.
We used different electrodes to measure the current-voltage properties of over 20 cBN crystals; these curves are quite similar in shape.	使用不同的电极测量了20多个cBN晶体的伏安特性,曲线的形状非常相似.
Thus, the proposed novel AND-LUT array structure which combines the advantages of both is more flexible to improve logic density for the different kinds of customized logic input.	因此,结合两者优点的新颖AND-LUT阵列结构在实现各种输入的用户逻辑时都能保持很好的逻辑利用率.
With nonlinear optical characteristics, the SiO2 film embedded with silicon nanocrystal can serve as a saturable absorber. The Passive Q-switched operation of Nd:YAG laser is achieved.	利用纳米Si镶嵌SiO2薄膜的非线性光学特性可作为可饱和吸收体,在Nd∶YAG激光器中实现被动调Q运转.
The spectral responsivity of the detector has been measured at zero-bias and at reverse bias. The responsivity does not change significantly with reverse bias. At zero-bias, the peak responsivity reaches 0.214A/W at a wavelength of 358.2nm.	测量了探测器分别在零偏压及反向偏压下的光谱响应度,响应度随反向偏压无显著变化,零偏压下峰值响应度在波长358.2nm处达到了0.214A/W.
This Ti-TiOx-Ti forms an MIM tunneling junction, acting as the basic structure of a photoconductive switch, wherein TiOx works as the energy barrier for electrons.	该Ti-TiOx-Ti形成MIM隧道结作为光导开关的基本结构,并且TiOx作为电子的能量势垒.
We study two groups of devices manufactured by the 0.25μm process.	选取了采用0.25μm工艺的两组器件进行研究.
We optimized the 10nm single quantum well laser device’s emission wavelength by calculating the gain spectrum of the quantum well.	对于厚度为10nm的单量子阱,通过计算量子阱增益谱优化了器件的激射波长.
The study shows that the total ionizing dose radiation effects on nMOS devices are very sensitive to their layout structures. The impact of the layout on TID effects on pMOS devices is slight and can be neglected.	研究表明nMOS总剂量效应对器件的版图结构非常敏感,而pMOS的总剂量效应几乎不受版图结构的影响.
We proposed a new method to fabricate BST films. Using methanol as solvent, barium acetate, strontium chloride, and tetrabutyl titanate as starting materials, lactic acid as catalyzer, and Benzoylacetone (BzAcH) as chemical modifier, we fabricated a sol precursor with a chelate structure.	提出了钛酸锶钡薄膜微细加工的新方法,即以苯酰丙酮(BzAcH)为化学修饰剂,乙酸钡、氯化锶、钛酸丁酯为原料,甲醇为溶剂,乳酸为催化剂,合成了具有螯合物结构的前驱溶胶体系.
The output characteristic of the device is directly affected by the parasitic capacitance of the radio frequency power LDMOS.	射频功率LDMOS的寄生电容直接影响器件的输出特性.
The chip is fabricated by a standard 0.5μm 1P3M CMOS digital logic process.	芯片的加工工艺是0.5μm 1P3M CMOS标准数字逻辑工艺.
Although it may be very complicated to build such a mathematical model, the circuit structures are simple, the chip implementation is easy, and resource efficiency of the chip is high.	据此建立的数学模型可能很复杂,但电路结构简单,便于芯片实现,芯片资源利用率高.
The effect of hydrogen atoms on the single-layer SnO2 and SnO2/ZnO double-layer transparent conducting films during plasma discharging has been studied.	研究了等离子体放电过程中氢原子对单层SnO2和SnO2/ZnO双层透明导电膜的影响.
Discontinuities between pads and interconnect metal, and between interconnect metal and DUT (device under test) are considered. The parasitic effect between the interconnect metal and the substrate is studied separately.	模型考虑了PAD-互连金属、互连金属-DUT (device under test)之间的非连续性,对互连金属和基底之间的寄生效应单独进行了考虑.
Simulation results indicate the open-loop gain of the OPAMP with an input range of 1V is over 100dB, a unit gain bandwidth of 322MHz with a 8.5pF load capacitor, and a power consumption of only 1.9mW.	仿真结果表明运放在1V的输入摆幅下开环增益大于100dB, 8.5pF负载电容下单位增益带宽为322MHz,功耗仅为1.9mW.
In order to increase the open circuit voltage Voc, to improve the spectrum reponse of the cell, and further to increase the conversion efficiency of the cell, a CdS/CdTe laminated solar cell structure is proposed here.	为了提高开路电压Voc、改善电池的光谱响应,进而提高电池的转换效率,在此提出CdS/CdTe叠层太阳电池结构.
The concentration of the solution at a certain position at any time is obtained. And the Topography model is then used to compute the etching status at the etch front, so that the etch contour at the front is obtained.	得到了每一时刻溶液在具体位置的浓度值,再由Topography模型计算腐蚀前端面的腐蚀情况得到腐蚀前端行进轮廓线.
Advantages such as no back reflection, easy extension to a multi-port configuration, high tolerance for experimental error, and compact size make the tapered multimode interference wave combiner an ideal candidate for a coherent lightwave combiner used in large-scale photonic integration.	鉴于无后向反射,容易扩展为多口配置,对实验误差有大的允许度和尺寸紧凑等优点,这种锥形多模干涉的合波器是大型光子集成中所用的相干光波合波器的理想选择.
The transceiver includes a 20:1 serializer and a transmission driver, where the pre-emphasis technique is employed in the transmission driver to compensate for the attenuation of signals in the channel and to reduce the crosstalk between the signals.	发送器包括一个20∶1的串行器和一个发送驱动器,其中发送驱动器采用了预加重技术来抵消传输信道对信号的衰减,降低信号的码间串扰.
The condition for realizing maximum breakdown voltage is revealed theoretically.	从理论上揭示了获得最大击穿电压的条件.
By test, the crystal integrity, optical transmissivity, and optical uniformity of the Al2O3 crystal have significant improvement.	经测试,Al<sub>2</sub>O<sub>3</sub>晶体的完整性、光学透过率和光学均匀性均有显著提高.
We have reported the device performance of a self-aligned InP/InGaAs double heterojunction bipolar transistor (DHBT).	报道了一种自对准InP/InGaAs 双异质结双极晶体管的器件性能.
Results showed that spontaneous and piezoelectric polarization that are typical in III-V-nitride devices led to a change in electronic distribution, bringing about a strong built-in electric field at the top of the QD structures. The electrons are localized near the top of the QDs, and the holes are localized in the wetting layer just below the pyramid. Furthermore, the piezoelectric potential in the QDs affects the electron levels and band edge shape.	结果表明,应变导致的压电极化和III-V族氮化物半导体所特有的自发极化将导致电荷分布的变化,使电子聚集在量子点顶部,空穴聚集在量子点下面的湿润层中,在量子点结构中产生显著的极化电场,并讨论了电场的存在对能带带边的形状以及能级分布的影响.
The optimized substrate temperature (Ts) is 225°C and the optimized oxygen flow (fO2) is 4sccm.	经优化,最佳衬底温度(Ts)为225°C,最佳氧流量(fO2)为4sccm.
The results show that nonlinear effect depends on spontaneous emission parameters. The control of the nonlinear effect, expanding of the modulation frequency, and improvement of performance and application of the ROF (radio over fiber) system based on VCSELs can be achieved by properly controlling the spontaneous emission parameters of VCSELs.	结果表明垂直腔面发射激光器的非线性失真依赖于自发辐射物理量的变化,对激光器的自发辐射进行适当控制,可以抑制非线性对性能的影响,扩大其最大调制频率,提高基于VCSELs器件的ROF(radio over fiber)系统的性能和应用范围.
The strain of the SiGe/Si material grown in the micron sized window depends on the size of the window, as well as the stress in the mask of the window.	微米尺寸窗口中生长的SiGe/Si材料的应变与窗口尺寸有关,也和窗口的掩膜中的内应力有关.
Then, all the sample transistors are tested by deep-level transient spectroscopy (DLTS) to obtain the platinum concentration distribution in the sample transistors after the defect gettering.	随后,所有样管进行了深能级瞬态谱仪测试(DLTS),以得到缺陷汲取后样管中的铂浓度分布.
The paper has presented a novel single-fiber triplexer WDM design based on AWG. By spectral periodicity of the diffraction grating, the first wavelength, which is far away from the second and third wavelengths, works at a different diffraction order. The first wavelength is also further mapped to a fourth wavelength with approximately equal spacing from the second and the third wavelengths. Thus, the requirement of free spectral range of the grating is reduced. Simultaneously, approximate uniform spacing is achieved for the input/output waveguides corresponding to these three working channels. The problems of low diffraction order, large device size, and difficulties in fabrication by conventional methods are solved.	文中提出了一种基于阵列波导光栅的单纤三重波分复用器的新型设计,利用衍射光栅的频谱周期性,使离第二、三波长较远的第一波长工作在不同的衍射级次,并将第一波长映射到与第二、三波长形成几乎等间距信道的第四波长,从而减小了对光栅自由光谱范围的要求,同时使对应这三个工作信道的输入/输出波导几乎等间距,解决了传统设计方法导致的衍射级次小、器件尺寸大、制作困难等问题.
Based on the theory described in this paper, the data from the references are analyzed and satisfactory results are obtained.	基于文中所述的理论,对文献中的数据进行了分析,得到了令人满意的结果.
Doping concentration of the cap layer for Ohmic contact is 1.0×1019 cm-3.	欧姆接触用的帽层掺杂浓度约10<sup>19</sup>cm<sup>-3</sup>.
The circuits are fabricated using 90nm CMOS technology, and the variation curve for the 90nm CMOS process is obtained.	电路在90nm CMOS工艺下进行了流片制作,得到了90nm CMOS工艺下的单位门延迟波动特性曲线.
SEM shows that the average characteristic sizes of meso-PS samples with porosities of 62% and 79% are 10nm and 5nm, respectively.	SEM分析表明,孔隙率为62%和79%的介孔硅的平均特征尺寸分别为10nm和5nm.
The study reveals that,	研究发现,在超晶格的金属-半导体
The numerical computation results indicate that the ground state is different for different electric fields or different Coulomb binding potentials. It increases with an increasing electric field or Coulomb binding potential, but decreases rapidly with increasing well width.	数值计算结果表明,基态能量因电场和库仑束缚势的不同而不同,随电场和库仑束缚势的增大而增大,随阱宽的增大而迅速减小.
Using a switched capacitor circuit We implemented the small-area low-power RFID RF front end circuit.	采用开关电容电路技术实现了小面积低功耗RFID射频前端电路.
Vapor-solid phase single crystalline nucleation and growth kinetic theory are used to study the factors controlling the growth rate and the quality of the crystal.	利用气相-固相单晶成核和生长动力学理论研究了制约单晶生长速度和晶体质量的因素.
We analyzed the surface morphology of the PTCDA/ITO sample using atomic force microscopy (AFM).	用原子力显微镜(AFM)对PTCDA/ITO样品的表面形貌进行了分析.
Partially-depleted silicon-on-insulator floating-body nMOSFETs and H-gate type body-contacted nMOSFETs are fabricated with different back channel implantation dosages.	分别采用不同的背栅沟道注入剂量制成了部分耗尽绝缘体上硅浮体和H型栅体接触n型沟道器件.
Experimental results indicate that the chip operates well, with an FPN of approximately 0.17％.	实验结果表明芯片工作良好,图像固定模式噪声约为0.17%.
Therefore, we need to include the electron impurity scattering process when considering the electron transport process of THz QCLs based on resonant-phonon-scattering.	所以,在考虑基于共振声子散射的太赫兹量子级联激光器中的电子输运过程时,需要包含电子与杂质的散射过程.
The maximum glitch of the transient response is about 20mV at a VID0 frequency of 125kHz.	当VID0频率为125kHz时,瞬态响应最大毛刺幅度约为20mV.
ZnS film has been deposited from an aqueous solution containing ZnSO4, SC(NH2)2, and NH4OH by the CBD method. XRF results and XRD measurements before and after thermal annealing revealed that the deposited ZnS film is of a cubic structure containing amorphous Zn(OH)2.	在含有ZnSO4, SC(NH2)2, NH4OH的水溶液中采用CBD法沉积ZnS薄膜,XRF和热处理前后的XRD测试表明,ZnS沉积薄膜为立方相结构,薄膜含有非晶态的Zn(OH)2.
According to the calculation, the Hamaker constant of CdSe is 0.388 eV.	经计算,CdSe的Hamaker常数为0.388 eV.
Ground-state energy of the bound polaron in the parabolic quantum dot and the average number of phonons around an electron in the limit of strong p, weak coupling of electron and bulk longitudinal optical phonon are obtained.	得到了在电子-体纵光学声子强p弱耦合极限下抛物量子点束缚极化子的基态能量及电子周围平均声子数.
We successfully fabricated 1.55μm InP-InGaAsP quantum well lasers on Si substrates.	在硅基上成功地制备出了1.55μm InP-InGaAsP量子阱激光器.
Phase noise is -117dBc/Hz at 4MHz and -107dBc/Hz at 500kHz, from the center frequency of 4.189GHz.	在距中心频率4.189GHz为4MHz处的相位噪声为-117dBc/Hz, 500kHz处为-107dBc/Hz.
The energy band diagrams of the AlxGa1-xN/GaN heterojunction without polarization, with complete polarization, and with partial polarization have been calculated by self-consistently solving the Schrodinger-Poisson equation. Combined with the simulation of the optoelectronic response spectrum, we analyze the effect of interface polarization on the response characteristic of the AlxGa1-xN/GaN heterojunction pin ultraviolet photodetector and suggest a method to improve the same.	利用自洽求解薛定谔-泊松方程计算了AlxGa1-xN/GaN异质结在无极化、完全极化和部分极化的能带图,结合光电响应谱的模拟,分析了界面极化效应对AlxGa1-xN/GaN异质结pin紫外光电探测器响应特性的影响并提出了改善方法.
Results show that the terraced structures on the film surface were similar to the step-flow mode of growth. A few hexagonal pits with strong light emission were also present on the surface.	结果表明,外延层表面具有台阶结构,接近以层流生长方式二维生长,一些六角形的坑出现在膜表面,坑区具有很强的发光.
We have optimized the etching condition of the KOH solution.	优化了KOH溶液的腐蚀条件
A novel micro-mirror torsion actuator for micro-electro-mechanical systems is proposed, which is fabricated using bonding and thinning process. The process for this micro-mirror actuator is easy to carry out.	提出了一种新颖的采用键合减薄工艺制作的微机电系统扭转微镜面驱动器,该种微镜面驱动器工艺制作简便可行.
In application, except bypass and decoupling capacitors, no other external component is needed.	在实际使用中,除了旁路和去耦电容外,无需外接其他外部元件.
When Rf is small (e.g. 0.2), the sample surface presents a feature of triangle hole structures. The dimension of the holes decreases as Rf increases.	当Rf较小(例如0.2) 时,样品表面呈现三角形孔状结构特征,孔的尺寸随Rf的增大而减小.
When a transistor is in operation, its junction temperature distribution is usually non-uniform.	晶体管在耗散功率时,结温分布一般不均匀.
We have studied the electromigration phenomena on the interconnecting interface between a Pb-free Sn96Ag3.5Cu0.5 bump and a Ni-plated land.	研究了无铅Sn96Ag3.5Cu0.5凸点与镀Ni焊盘互连界面的电迁移现象.
Compared with the cases without considering the dispersion effect, the minimum weighted average reflectivity of SiO2/ZnSe DL ARC increases from 1.14% to 1.55% when considering the dispersion effect, while that of the SiO2/ZnS DL ARC decreases from 1.49% to 1.46%.	与未考虑色散效应的情况相比,考虑色散效应后,SiO2/ZnSe双层减反射膜的最小加权平均反射率从1.14%增加到1.55%,而SiO2/ZnS双层减反射膜的最小加权平均反射率却从1.49%减小到1.46%.
Aiming at the humidity sensor’s property of minor capacitance variation in the full range of measurement, the paper uses a switched-capacitor circuit as an on-chip micro capacitance measurement circuit. We discussed the principle of the circuits and presented simulation results.	针对湿度传感器在全量程电容变化量较小的特点,本文采用开关电容电路作为片上微电容测量电路,讨论了电路的原理并给出了模拟结果.
The biased electric field of the switch is modulated by an AC electric field. When the domain reaches the anode, the electric field in the switch is decreased to lower than Gunn threshold electric field ET but still higher than the sustaining electric field ES (the minimum electric field needed for sustaining the domain), and the switch works in the delayed-dipole-domain mode.	开关的偏置电场在交流电场的调制下,当畴到达阳极时,开关电场下降到低于耿氏阈值电场ET而高于维持电场ES(维持畴生存所需的最小电场),开关将工作于延迟偶极畴模式.
The photo-sensitivity is measured at 0.8V/(lux・s), and the dynamic range is 50dB.	测得可见光响应灵敏度为0.8V/(lux・s),动态范围为50dB.
At room temperature, this RTD has a peak-to-valley ratio of 5.2:1 with a peak current density of 22.5kA/cm^2. The HEMT has a 1µm gate length with a -1V threshold voltage.	RTD室温下的峰谷电流比为5.2∶1,峰值电流密度为22.5kA/cm2HEMT采用1μm栅长,阈值电压为-1V.
Compared with the conventional passive inductors with fixed metal width and space, inductors with gradually changed mental width and space can effectively improve its quality factor.	与传统的金属线宽和间距固定不变的无源片上螺旋电感相比,线宽和间距由外圈到内圈渐变的新型结构电感能有效提高电感品质因子.
In2O3 nanowires were successfully fabricated using a tube furnace.	使用管式加热炉成功地制备出In2O3纳米线.
By solving Poisson’s equation, we analyzed the Physical mechanism of the distortion and computed the gate capacitance. The computational results agree well with the experimental results.	文中通过求解泊松方程,用解析的方法分析了这种畸变发生的物理机理,并对栅电容进行了计算,计算结果与实验结果符合得很好.
In the practical experimental,	在实际的工
The deposition time for the ZnS film has a significant effect on the performance of the Cu(In,Ga)Se2 solar cell. The best performance of the cell can be achieved with a deposition time of 25~35min.	ZnS薄膜沉积时间对Cu(In,Ga)Se2太阳电池影响显著,当薄膜沉积时间在25~35min时,电池的综合性能最好.
Important factors characterizing the electrical properties of an SIT are defined for the first time, such as transconductance per unit channel width, gate efficiency, sensitivity factor and intrinsic static electric gain.	首次定义了从不同角度表征SIT电特性的重要因子,如单位沟道宽度跨导、栅效率、灵敏度因子和本征静电增益.
To address the quantum effect of carrier distribution in nanoscale MOSFETs, we propose a quantum correction model based on Levenberg-Marquardt BP neural network; calculate the quantum density from carriers’ classical density, and perform a study on the training speed and accuracy of neural networks with different hidden layers and numbers of neurons.	为了处理纳米MOSFET载流子分布的量子效应,提出了基于Levenberg-Marquardt BP神经网络的量子更正模型,通过载流子的经典密度计算其量子密度,并对拥有不同隐层数和隐层神经元数的神经网络的训练速度和精度进行了研究.
To meet the requirement of implanting neural signal detectorin human bodies, we modified the circuit to avoid using off-chip components and achieved integration on one chip.	为满足体内植入式神经信号检测的要求,通过电路改进以避免使用片外元件,实现了单片集成.
When LRW=450μm, the device has the best characteristic parameters and far-field light beam quality, with a slope efficiency of 0.83W/A and a saturation power of 4.28W.	发现LRW=450μm时,器件特性参数和远场光束质量最优,斜率效率达0.83W/A,饱和功率为4.28W.
The converter consists of a switch capacitor, ΣΔ modulator, decimation filter, and band gap reference circuit.	该转换器由开关电容ΣΔ调制器、抽取滤波器和带隙基准电路构成.
GaAs/AlGaAs multi-quantum-well structure has been grown on GaAs (110) substrate by solid source molecular beam epitaxy.	采用固态源分子束外延的方法在GaAs (110)取向衬底上生长了GaAs/AlGaAs多量子阱结构.
Al-N codoped p-type Zn0.95Mg0.05O thin films were manufactured by DC reactive manetron sputtering, and N2O was used as the N doping source.	利用直流反应磁控溅射法,以N2O为N掺杂源,用Al-N共掺技术制备了p型Zn0.95Mg0.05O薄膜.
The relationship between the lifetime of free carriers and the nonlinear optical loss in a silicon-on-insulator (SOI) ridge waveguide used for Raman amplification is studied.	研究了用于喇曼放大的绝缘硅(SOI)脊形波导中自由载流子寿命与非线性光学损耗的关系.
The front end circuit includes rectifier, ASK demodulator, ASK and BPSK modulator, and sensor module. The RF working frequency is 860～960MHz.	射频前端电路包括整流器、ASK解调器、ASK和BPSK调制器和传感器模块,射频的工作频率为860~960MHz.
The AFM results show that PTCDA film comprises island-like structures. The diameters of the islands are about 100~300nm and the surface undulations are about 14nm.	AFM的结果显示,PTCDA薄膜为岛状结构,岛的直径约为100~300nm,表面起伏约为14nm.
The cutoff frequency fT was almost unchanged, but there was a small decrease of fmax.	特征截止频率fT基本不变,fmax略有减小.
Viewed from the testing results, the AlGaN/GaN HEMTs without the AlIN insert layer has a more prominent degree of current collapse, indicating that the AlN insert layer has a significant suppression effect on the current collapse effect.	从测试结果看,无AlN插入层的AlGaN/GaN HEMTs有更显著的电流崩塌程度,表明AlN插入层对电流崩塌效应有显著的抑制作用.
A simple but novel circuit is placed in the input signal pre-amplifier, which utilizes the feed-forward equalization to further eliminate the crosstalk between the signals and hence improve the sensitivity of the receiver.	在输入信号预放大器中设计了一个简单新颖的电路,利用前馈均衡来进一步消除信号的码间串扰,提高接收器的灵敏度.
We solve the problem that the temperature coefficient of a device cannot be measured accurately at high current, and help the international standard to perfect the real-time and on-line measuring approaches of the junction temperature. At the same time as the heating, without changing the heating situation, the heating current is directly used as a measuring current, and the junction temperature of the transistor is measured with the help of calibration curve.	克服了器件在大电流测试时温度系数测不准的难题,帮助国际标准完善了实时测量和在线测量结温的方法,即在加热的同时,不改变加热状况的情况下,直接把加热电流当作测量电流,借助于校准曲线从而测量出晶体管的结温.
With packaging, the birefringent fiber Sagnac loop filter’s temperature sensitivity can reach 0.059nm/°C, which is 0.04 times that without packaging.	经过封装后双折射光纤Sagnac滤波器波长对温度的灵敏度降低到0059nm/°C,是未封装前的0.04倍.
The proposed method does not need extra area and time. It can improve the static noise margin and only slightly changes the design process of SRAMs.	所提方法具有不增加面积和延时、改善静态噪声边界、对SRAM设计流程的改动很小等优点.
The surfaces of the CIGS films are smooth and clean, with a roughness of less than 10nm mostly.	CIGS薄膜的表面光洁,粗糙度多数小于10nm.
In order to illustrate the effect of the width of oxide wires on tunneling, and to determine the minimum wire width at which tunneling is still restrained and the experimental conditions for processing ultra-fast photoconductive switches to realize this width, titanium oxide wires of 15.6, 34.2, and 46.9nm wide have been prepared by controlling the ambient humidity while keeping process speed, oxygen concentration, and bias voltage constant. I-V characteristics of tunneling junctions with oxide wires of different width have been measured.	为说明氧化线的宽度对隧穿现象的影响,确定加工超高速光导开关时不引起隧穿的最窄线宽及其实验条件,通过控制空气中的相对湿度,在加工速度、氧气浓度和偏置电压不变的条件下,加工出宽度分别为15.6, 34.2和46.9nm的钛氧化线,测试了不同宽度氧化线隧道结的I-V特性.
We studied the resonant energy transfer process between two sizes of CdTe nanocrystals in the compound system.	研究了这种复合体系中两种尺寸的CdTe纳米晶体之间的共振能量迁移过程.
In the method, the DC-offset is eliminated by an analog feedback loop at the output port of the double-balanced mixer.	该方法利用双平衡混频器输出端的模拟反馈环路消除直流漂移.
We proposed a method for designing ternary circuits using double pass-transistor logic. The logical relation of each MOS transistor is formulated by using the transmission operation in order to make effective use of the circuits.	提出采用双传管逻辑设计三值电路的方法,对每个MOS管的逻辑功能均采用传输运算予以表示以实现有效综合.
The results indicate that, after the formation of an oxide layer on the silicon wafer surface in the solution containing oxidizing agent H2O2, the anisotropic etching on the silicon wafer surface by OH- can basically be eliminated. The surface micro-roughness after cleaning is less than that before cleaning. Furthermore, it decreases with the increase of the NH4OH concentration in the SC-1 cleaning process.	结果表明,硅片表面在含有氧化剂H2O2的溶液中生成一层氧化层后,能基本消除OH-对硅片表面的各向异性腐蚀,清洗后的表面微粗糙度比清洗前小,并且随SC-1清洗过程中NH4OH浓度的增大而减小.
Microwave measurement results show that, after packaging, power devices with a 1mm gate width have an output power of up to 2W at 2GHz.	微波测试结果表明,1mm栅宽功率器件封装后在2GHz下输出功率达到了2W.
The amplifier is a pseudo-differential system consisting of four single-end OPAs.	该放大器是由4个单端运放组成的伪差分结构.
The transmitter has a bit rate of 2.5Gb/s, a wave length of 1550nm, an output optical power of 5.5dBm, and an extraction ratio of 9.4dB.	该发射机工作速率为2.5Gb/s,波长为1550nm,输出光功率为5.5dBm,消光比为9.4dB.
Except the antenna, the analog front-end does not have any external components. It absorbs energy from the RF electromagnetic field through a Schottky diode rectifier.	该模拟前端除天线外无外接元器件,通过肖特基二极管整流器从射频电磁场接收能量.
The tests results showed that, when the supply voltage was 5V, the input common-mode range of the circuit was 0~30V, with a maximum error smaller than 1.67%.	芯片的测试结果表明,当采用5V单电源供电时,电路的输入共模范围可达0~30V,最大总误差不超过1.67%.
In addition, the parameter extraction strategy is straightforward, so it’s implementation in CAD is easy.	此外,提参的策略非常直接,因此容易在CAD里面编程实现.
We studied the transportation property of the nitrogen-substituted single-wall carbon nanotubes using local density functional theory combined with the first principle of the nonequilibrium Green function.	利用结合了非平衡格林函数的第一性原理的局域密度泛函理论,研究了氮原子取代掺杂单壁碳纳米管的输运特性.
Scanning electron microscopic results indicate that there is no void at the bonding interface.	扫描电子显微镜观测结果表明,键合界面没有空洞.
Employing the imprinting technique, 1×2, 1×4 multimode interference (MMI) beam splitters were fabricated, and near-field output images with relatively good splitting were observed.	利用紫外光直写技术,制作出1×2, 1×4多模干涉(MMI)型分束器,并且观测到了分光效果较好的近场输出图像.
Transmission characteristics of 1×N channels silicon-based vertically-coupled triple-ring resonant wavelength-division multiplexer are analyzed and the formula for the optical transfer function is given.	对1×N 信道硅基竖直耦合三环谐振波分复用器的传输特性进行了分析,给出了光学传递函数的公式.
The paper describes two monolithical optoelectronic integrated circuits – a GaAs-based resonant tunneling diode (RTD) and a metal-semiconductor-metal photo detector (MSM PD). The electronic properties of the RTD device, MSM device, and integrated circuits were tested at room temperature respectively.	报道了GaAs基共振隧穿二极管(RTD)与金属-半导体-金属光电探测器(MSM PD)单片集成的两种光电集成电路,并在室温条件下分别测试了RTD器件、MSM器件和集成电路的电学特性.
The subthreshold slope of the pMOS, DIBL factor, and threshold voltage are 107.4mV/dec, 54.46mV/V and 0.27V respectively.	pMOS的亚阈值斜率,DIBL因子以及阈值电压分别为107.4mV/dec, 54.46mV/V和0.27V.
The smaller sized nanocrystal serves as a donor. Its luminescence spectrum completely overlaps with the absorption spectrum of the larger sized nanocrystal (as an acceptor). Therefore, when the distance between donors and acceptors gradually becomes closer (when the gelatin concentration gradually decreases), the donors will resonantly transfer the energy acquired by absorbing photons directly to the acceptors.	小尺寸的纳米晶体作为施主,它的荧光光谱与大尺寸的纳米晶体(作为受主)的光吸收谱完全重叠,因而当施主和受主距离逐渐靠近时(明胶浓度逐渐降低时),施主将会把吸收光子得到的能量直接地共振传输给受主.
The results show that AlSb thin films could become important materials for novel solar cells.	研究结果表明,AlSb薄膜有可能成为新型太阳电池的重要材料.
The gain of the audio frequency power amplifier allows the variation between +12 and -34.5dB with 15dB for each step and 32 steps in total. The inside amplifier circuit is the core of the audio frequency power amplifier used to drive headphones.	此音频功率放大器的增益允许以每台阶为15dB在+12~-34.5dB之间变化,共32个台阶,内部的放大器电路是该用于驱动耳机的音频功率放大器的核心.
Under different voltage bias, the leakage current, threshold voltage shift, and transconductance of the devices are monitored before and after irradiation.	辐照中器件采用不同电压偏置,并在辐照前后对器件的源漏极间泄漏电流、阈值电压漂移及跨导特性进行测量.
The results show that, compared to the waveguide without pin structure, the free carrier lifetime in the waveguide with zero reverse-bias pin structure can be reduced by up to 80%.	结果表明,比起不带pin结构的波导,带有零反偏pin结构的波导中的自由载流子寿命最多可以缩短80%.
For most unintentionally doped samples, relatively good consistency can be obtained among θChin obtained from this model, the theoretical result by Chin et. al., and the fitting result obtained by the commonly-adopted temperature dependent Hall measurement.	对大多数非故意掺杂样品,该模型值θChin与Chin等人的理论值及普遍采用的变温霍耳测量拟合值比较表明,三者具有较好的一致性.
We studied a direct contact cantilever RF-MEMS switch. The cantilever uses Al metal material	研究了一种直接接触悬臂梁式RF-MEMS开关,悬臂梁采用Al金属材料.
By combining the CTR model wth the noise model, we have obtained the relation between CTR and 1/f noise.	将CTR模型与噪声模型相结合,得到了CTR与1/f噪声之间的关系.
Based on this simulation, we applied single exposure with triple-beam and wet etching pattern transfer techniques to an n-type (100) silicon substrate and obtained a uniform 2D pattern with a submicron period.	在此基础上,采用三束光一次曝光和湿法腐蚀图形转移技术,在n型(100)硅衬底上制备出了周期在亚微米量级的均匀二维图形阵列.
The epi-wafer for 980nm InGaAs-AlGaAs graded-index separate-confinement-heterojunction single quantum-well laser diodes has been grown by MOCVD and devices with a tapered gain region and ridge-waveguide have been fabricated.	利用MOCVD生长980nm InGaAs-AlGaAs渐变折射率分别限制异质结单量子阱激光器外延片,采用锥形增益区脊形波导结构制备器件.
Simulation results showed that, among these three different biases, the concentration of trapped charges near the back channel is largest at the OFF state. The negative shift of the threshold voltage estimated using the constant current method is also at its largest, which results in the highest background static leakage current.	模拟结果表明,在三种不同的偏置条件下,OFF态(关态)时背沟道附近陷获电荷密度最高,以常数电流法估算出的阈值电压负漂移最大,同时引起了最大的本底静态漏电流.
To reduce the turn-on voltage, a zigzag folded cantilever is designed. The feasibility of the structure is verified by theoretical analysis and simulation, and the structure has been realized using MetalMUMPs process.	为了降低开启电压,设计了一种曲折型的折叠梁结构,通过理论分析与仿真实验验证了该结构的可行性,并利用MetalMUMPs工艺加以实现.
We studied the structural change of the amorphous As2S8 semiconductor film under thermal treatment.	研究了非晶态As2S8半导体薄膜在热作用下的结构变化效应.
The inductors are fabricated by 0.35μm four-metal CMOS technology. A turn of the differential inductor is divided into multi-shunt tracks, which keep the electric symmetry of the inductor and suppress the inductor’s current crowding effect. The inductor offers a 40% greater maximum quality factor and a narrower range of operating frequencies.	采用4层金属的0.35μm标准CMOS工艺制造片上电感,将差分电感的单电流路径,分成多电流路径并联,在保持了电感的电学对称性的前提下,抑制了电感的电流拥挤效应,电感的最大品质因数提高了40%,同时降低了其自谐振频率.
Analytical expression for the surface electric field of a double RESURF is obtained by solving the two dimensional Poisson’s equation in multiple regions.	基于分区求解二维Poisson方程,获得double RESURF表面电场的解析表达式.
Experimental results showed that, when estimating the static power consumption using this model, no Hspice simulation is needed.	实验结果表明使用该模型进行静态功耗估算时,不需要进行Hspice模拟.
All simulated and experimental results indicate that the crystal surface shape is determined directly by the isothermality in the growth chamber, and that the larger the porosity in the powder, the better the evaporation of powder and crystal growth.	数值计算和实验结果均表明,生长腔内等温线的形状直接决定着生长晶体的表面形貌;粉源内较大的空隙率有利于粉的有效升华和晶体的稳定生长.
The actual threshold of the switch ranged from 1000~5000g, and the response time was less than 60μs.	开关的实际阈值范围为1000~5000g,响应速度小于60μs.
At the 1dB compression point, compared to PSOI LDMOS, the output power and power gain are increased by 62% and 11.6%, respectively, and the power added efficiency is increased from 34.1% to 37.3%.	1dB压缩点处的输出功率以及功率增益比PSOI LDMOS分别提高62%和11.6%,附加功率效率从34.1%增加到37.3%.
A novel and stable 16-bit stereo audio fifth-order ΣΔ A/D converter is presented.	提出了一种16位立体声音频新型稳定的5阶ΣΔ A/D转换器.
Through comparison, we find testing methods have very little influence on Vbd.	通过对比,发现测试方法对击穿电压的影响非常小.
This unified inverter model of RTTs can be a powerful tool for the analysis and design of RTTs.	此RTT反相器统一模型可成为分析和设计各种RTT器件的有力工具.
Results indicate that under fixed gate and drain biases, as the substrate reverse bias increases, the minimum endurance degradation of the device appears.	结果表明:在既定的栅、漏偏置条件下,随着衬底负偏置的增加,器件耐久性退化会出现极小值.
Considering the spontaneous and piezoelectric polarization and quantum effect of AlGaN/GaN material, through the numerical self-consistent solution of Schrodinger -Poisson-hydrodynamic equations, we studied the issue of the two-dimensional static modeling and simulation of AlGaN/GaN HEMT, we obtained the device region conduction band, two-dimensional electron gas distribution, electron temperature characteristics, DC output and transfer characteristics, and We performed analysis and discussion of the simulation results.	考虑AlGaN/GaN材料的自发、压电极化效应和量子效应,通过泊松方程、薛定谔方程和流体力学方程组的数值自洽求解方法,对AlGaN/GaN HEMT的二维静态模型与模拟问题进行了研究,得到了器件区域的导带图、二维电子气分布、电子温度特性、直流输出和转移特性,并对模拟结果进行了分析与讨论.
Using the optical lithography simulation software PROLITH, with reference to exposure parameters of ArF step-and-scan lithography system TWINSCAN XT:1400E, we studied the SCAPSM process. We demonstrate that the scheme of SCAPSM + off-axis illumination can increase the resolution of dry 193nm optical lithography to 50nm.	采用PROLITH光学光刻模拟软件,参考ArF步进扫描投影光刻机TWINSCAN XT:1400E的曝光参数,对侧墙铬衰减型移相掩模的工艺进行了研究,证明SCAPSM+离轴照明的方案可以将干式193nm光学光刻的分辨率提高到50nm.
The ADC has high dynamic performance when the input frequency is higher than the sampling frequency by using a novel bootstrap switch to reduce mismatch in the sampling and holding amplifier.	在采样保持电路中使用一种新颖的自举(bootstrap)开关,减小了失真,使得电路在输入信号频率很高时仍具有很好的动态性能.
X-ray energy dispersive spectrometer (EDS) was used to quantitively analyze the composition of the nanowires, where silicon and oxygen were found.	X射线能谱仪(EDS)定量分析了该一维材料的成分,表明该纳米线由硅和氧两种元素组成.
Within the temperature range of -55~125°C, the access time of the memory barely changed.	在-55~125°C范围内,该存储器的数据读取时间几乎不变.
The surface of the GaN grown on the template is flat and bright, but is heavily cracked.	模板上的GaN生长表面平整、光亮,但开裂严重.
Based on the EKVv2.6 model, a new RF-MOSFET model which can be applied on low voltage low power CMOS RFIC CAD is developed. The gate oxide overlap resistances and the losses of the substrate were taken into consideration.	在EKVv2.6本征模型基础上发展出一种新的、可用于低压低功耗CMOS RFIC CAD 的RF-MOSFET模型,模型对栅氧化层寄生电阻以及有损基底损耗进行了考虑.
Results show that the novel structure exhibits better suppression of drain-induced barrier lowering and more improvement of carrier transport efficiency than conventional dual material gate SOI MOSFETs.	结果表明,新结构器件比传统的异质栅SOI MOSFETs能更有效地抑制漏致势垒降低效应,并进一步提高载流子输运效率.
In order to optimize the material structure and to obtain good performance, we performed a finite element ANSYS simulation.	为了优化材料结构和获得好的性能,进行了有限元ANSYS模拟.
Using the properties of anisotropic etching of silicon in KOH solution and the crystal properties of (110) silicon, we fabricated the 8×8 optical switch micro-mirror upper electrode array. Considering the serious undercut of the micro-mirrors during etching, the switch structure was rectified.	利用硅在KOH溶液中各向异性腐蚀特性及(110)硅的结晶学特点,在(110)硅片上制作出8×8光开关微反射镜上电极阵列,考虑到在腐蚀时微反射镜有很大的侧蚀,对开关结构进行了调整.
In this paper, a novel MOS sampling switch of this type is designed based on a Chartered 0.35µm standard CMOS process. When the input signal is a 0.2MHz sinusoid wave with a peak-to-peak value of 1.2V, sampled at a clock frequency of 2MHz, the spurious free dynamic range is 111dB, which is 18dB larger than that of a bootstrapped switch. Meanwhile, the variation of on-resistance is reduced by 90%.	基于Chartered 0.35μm标准CMOS工艺,文中设计了一个此类新型MOS采样开关,在输入信号为0.2MHz正弦波,峰峰值为1.2V,采样时钟频率为2MHz时,无杂散动态范围达到111dB,比栅压自举开关提高了18dB;同时导通电阻的变化减小了90%.
This method was applied to the further calibration analysis of a typical lightwave component analyzer (LCA)-based photodetector measurement system. The experiment of a novel photodetector demonstrates that in the range of 130MHz to 20GHz, the high frequency response parameter S21 has be tested, an obvious improvement in the calibration of S21 has been achieved compared to the traditional algorithm, and according to the results, the proposed method is proved feasible as the flow-graph method apparently improves the calibration of parameter S21.	利用该法对一种光探测器的典型测试系统--基于LCA (lightwave component analyzer)的测试系统做了进一步校准分析,在130MHz~20GHz范围内,测量了一种新型光探测器的高频响应参数S21,结果表明经流图法校准的S21参数比仅使用原有校准算法有明显改善，证明了该方法的可行性。
High-electron-mobility power transistors with a 0.25µm gate length have been fabricated on an AlGaN/GaN structure grown on sapphire substrate by MOCVD.	在蓝宝石衬底上用MOCVD技术生长的AlGaN/GaN结构上制作出0.25μm栅长的高电子迁移率功率晶体管.
Simultaneously we also find that the bottom-gate TFT with a gate-insulator-layer of SiNx has an effect of hastened crystallization (approximately 20%) for the Si-based film grown thereafter.	同时又发现,以SiNx为栅绝缘层的底栅TFT,对随后生长的硅基薄膜有促进晶化的作用(约20%) .
A σ/mean value of ±5.7% in thickness uniformity is obtained.	厚度均匀性可达±5.7% (σ/mean值).
Therefore we can conclude that the combination of PTCDA and ITO on the interface is the combination of p-rings in PTCDA and In vacancies in ITO	由此可以推断,在界面处PTCDA与ITO的结合是PTCDA中的p环与ITO中的In空位的结合.
The interface band structure within the defect level vividly explains the ohmic contact formation mechanism during annealing.	通过界面能带结构图直观地解释了欧姆接触在热退火条件下的形成机制.
In the experiments, the optical output power of the master laser is injected into the slave laser via a circulator. The optical spectra and frequency responses of the slave laser with and without injection are measured, respectively. We found that the modulation bandwidth and the relaxation oscillation frequencies of the laser vary at different injection powers and wavelengths. The frequency responses can be improved by choosing the proper optical power and wavelength of injection.	实验中通过一个环形器,将主激光器的输出光注入到从激光器.测量了从激光器在有注入光和没有注入光时的光谱和频率响应.发现在不同的注入光强度和波长下,激光器的调制带宽和弛豫振荡峰频率会发生变化蓖ü适当选择注入光的强度和波长,频率响应可以得到改善.
Testing results indicate when the transmitting data rate is 1Mbps, the output power of the transmitter is -23.217dBm.	测试结果表明,发射数据速率为1Mbps时,发射机的输出功率为-23.217dBm.
Research shows that the surface sticking coefficient of As is very low and is very sensitive to growth temperature, about 1×10-4 at 170℃.	研究发现As的表面黏附系数很低,对生长温度十分敏感,在170°C下约为1E-4.
Using a PID temperature controller to control the heating temperature of the evaporation source and substrate in the co-evaporation facility, we fabricate CIGS (Cu(In,Ga)Se2) films with a three-step process. By testing the temperature change of the constant power heating substrate, we can realize on-line monitoring of the composition. The composition reproducibility of the obtained CIGS films is excellent.	采用PID温度控制器控制共蒸发设备中蒸发源及衬底加热的温度,以三步法工艺制备CIGS(Cu(In,Ga)Se2)薄膜,通过恒功率加热衬底测试温度的变化,可实现在线组分监测,得到CIGS薄膜的组成重现性很好.
Additionally, the relation between the circuit structure parameters and the regulation property of the load when the circuit is converting is analyzed, and a conversion rate boosting circuit that provides high transient current is proposed. The voltage variation can be controlled within 60mV with a load current changing from 800mA to 10mA. And the longest output	另外,分析了电路在转换发生时电路结构参数和负载整流特性的关系,提出了一种能在瞬间提供大电流的转换速率加强电路,达到了在负载电流从800mA到10mA跳变时,输出电压的跳变量控制在60mV以内,并且最长输出
A series resistance not only decreases mobility but also reduces the gate voltage corresponding to the peak field-effect mobility.	串联电阻不仅会使迁移率降低,还会使峰值场效应迁移率所对应的栅压减小.
Using a high-resolution X-ray diffractometer (XRD), we have analyzed GaN samples before and after a long annealing.	利用高分辨X射线衍射仪(XRD)分析了长时间退火前后的GaN样品.
The experiment shows that, because the lattice constant of the nickel silicide formed on the surface of silicon wafer is smaller than that of silicon, vacancies of high concentration are generated near the surface, thus the near surface oxygen can still form precipitation during the MDZ process.	实验表明由于硅片表面形成的镍硅化合物的晶格常数比硅小,所以在硅片近表面产生高浓度的空位,导致近表面的氧依然能够在MDZ工艺中形成沉淀.
The 980nm tapered laser diodes with electrodes on top of the ridge waveguide and that on top of the tapered section separated from each other (referred to as 980nm tapered laser diodes with separated electrodes) were studied. The P-I curve and the beam quality factor of the laser diodes were measured while varying the injection current in the ridge waveguide section. The results were compared with those obtained from the 980nm tapered laser diodes with the ridge waveguide section and the tapered section sharing the same electrode (referred to as 980nm tapered laser diodes with shared electrode).	对脊形波导区和锥形区电极分离的980nm锥形激光器(简称电极分离的980nm锥形激光器)改变脊形波导区所加电流,测试激光器的P-I特性和光束质量因子,与脊形波导区和锥形区共用电极的980nm锥形激光器(简称电极共用的980nm锥形激光器)的测量参数进行对比.
The pure edge dislocation is easily etched along the dislocation line. Therefore, the etch pits of inverted hexagonal pyramids are aligned with the surface step.	纯刃位错易于沿位错线被腐蚀,因而其腐蚀坑是沿着表面阶梯分布的尖底倒六棱椎.
The characterization method for the electric derivative of a laser array is studied. An equivalent circuit model for the laser array is established and the equation for the electric derivative of the array under ideal conditions is derived.	研究了激光器阵列的电导数表征方法,建立了激光器阵列的等效电路模型,导出了理想情况下阵列的电导数公式.
Results show that the electric field intensities, which correspond to the turn-on voltage and the threshold voltage of the unoriented grown ZnO nanowire film field emission, are 4.7 and 7.6V/μm respectively. The field intensified factor achieves the order of magnitude of 1E3. A more excellent field emission capability is presented than that of the arrayed grown ZnO nanowires.	结果显示,非取向生长的ZnO纳米线薄膜场发射的开启电压和阈值电压所对应的场强分别为4.7和7.6V/μm,场增强因子达1E3量级,具有较阵列生长的ZnO纳米线更为优异的场发射能力.
To solve the 2D diffusion equation, finite difference explicit and implicit algorithms are given, respectively.	为求解二维扩散方程,分别给出了有限差分显式和隐式求解算法.
By means of epitaxial lateral overgrowth (ELOG), high quality GaN is grown on GaN substrate with stripe mask pattern by MOCVD.	采用侧向外延(ELOG)方法,在制作了条形掩膜图形的GaN衬底上用MOCVD生长高质量GaN.
In addition, we simulated the temperature rise on signal lines connecting function blocks in the interconnect configuration of 0.13μm technology, and we studied the influence of several metal heat sink strips, which are used to alleviate the heat problems, on the heat conduction and parasitic capacitance of interconnect wiring.	此外,模拟了0.13μm工艺互连结构中连接功能块区域的信号线上的温升情况,探讨了几种用于改善热问题的散热金属条对互连布线的导热和附加电容的影响.
The common-emitter DC current gain β achieves 100. The offset voltage Voffset is approximately 0.4V. The knee voltage Vknee is approximately 1V. The breakdown voltage BVceo is over 10V. The ideality factors for the base and the collector current of the device are nb = 1.16 and nc = 1.11 respectively, which are applicable in the fields of low power consumption and high power.	其共射直流增益β达到100,残余电压Voffset约为0.4V,膝点电压Vknee约为1V,击穿电压BVceo超过10V,器件的基极和集电极电流理想因子分别为nb=1.16,nc=1.11,可应用于低功耗、高功率领域.
We observed the luminescence induced by transitions among quantized energy levels and among carriers.	观察到了量子化能级间以及在载流子间的跃迁引起的发光.
However, the higher temperature in the source region will lead to a drastic decrease of the slope efficiency.	而有源区的温升又会导致斜率效率的严重下降.
We present a brand new full-chip controllable routing system framework that simultaneously considers the routing congestion and the chip performance.	提出一个全新的全芯片可控布线系统框架,同时考虑布线拥挤度和芯片性能.
Through analysis and comparison we found that the polarization charges formed at the interface between the well and the barrier by the spontaneous polarization and piezoelectric polarization that are peculiar to AlInGaN have a significant effect on the radiation from the quantum well.	分析对比发现AlInGaN材料特有的自发极化和压电极化效应在阱垒界面处形成的极化电荷对量子阱发光特性有重要的影响.
Finally, the power consumption testing results of the chip at programming/erasing/reading operations are given.	最后给出了芯片在编程/擦写/读操作情况下的功耗测试结果.
The space charge model cannot correctly explain the dependence of the irradiation-induced degradation on the collector bias current.	空间电荷模型的观点并不能很好地解释辐照损伤与辐照集电极偏置电流的关系.
We observed a series of drain current transient states of AlGaN/GaN HEMT devices under different gate biases after a short-term stress. We found the time constant of transient states change very little with gate bias and hereby we conclude the series of transient states is due to the release of electrons from traps.	观察了AlGaN/GaN HEMT器件在短期应力后不同栅偏置下的一组漏极电流瞬态,发现瞬态的时间常数随栅偏压变化很小,据此判断这组瞬态由电子陷阱的释放引起.
Through measurement, we investigate the properties and location of gate oxide damage induced by snapback stress.	基于测试对snapback应力引起的栅氧化层损伤特性和损伤位置进行了研究.
Compared to reported C-X-Ku band wide-band power amplifiers, this amplifier has better power gain flatness.	与报道的C-X-Ku频段宽带功率放大器相比,有较好的功率平坦度.
The measured value of the device solution was in the range of 1~13 and the average sensitivity was 35.8mV/pH.	器件溶液实测pH值在1~13范围内,器件的平均灵敏度为35.8mV/pH.
Sn-doped In2O3 (ITO) transparent conducting film has been prepared through reactive thermal evaporation and the effect of preferred orientation of ITO film during growth on its optoelectronic performance has been systematically studied.	采用反应热蒸发法制备掺Sn的In2O3(ITO)透明导电膜,系统研究了ITO薄膜生长的优先取向对其光电性能的影响.
This model considers the restrictions of skin effect, proximity effect, and eddy loss in the substrate on the frequency properties of the series inductance and series resistance in the spiral inductor, and takes account of the distribution property of parasitic capacitance in the inductor by using 2π equivalent circuit structure.	该模型考虑了趋肤效应、邻近效应和衬底涡流损耗对螺旋电感中串联电感和串联电阻频率特性的制约,并通过2π等效电路结构计入了电感中寄生电容的分布特性.
The analysis of X-ray diffraction and Raman scattering spectroscopy demonstrates the formation of NiSi in all types of samples.	X射线衍射和喇曼散射谱分析表明在各种样品中都形成了NiSi.
BSIMSOI is developed into a generic model applicable for SOI-PD and SOI-FD technology by changing the effective body potential △Vbi to choose device operation modes which help circuit designers to achieve the design trends for the coexistence of PD and FD.	BSIMSOI已经发展成可应用于SOI-PD和SOI-FD技术的普适模型, 通过有效体电势ΔVbi的改变进行器件工作模式的选择, 可以帮助电路设计者实现PD和FD共存的设计趋势.
Simulation results indicate the structure has the advantage of high speed and high reliability.	模拟结果表明该结构具有高速和高可靠性的优点.
We proposed a novel Si/SiGe quantum dots/tunneling oxide/polycrystal silicon multilayered structure for semiconductor flash memory cell. The structure can achieve the programming and erasing mechanism with enhanced F-N tunneling.	提出了一种用于半导体闪速存储器单元的新的Si/SiGe量子点/隧穿氧化层/多晶硅栅多层结构,该结构可以实现增强F-N隧穿的编程和擦除机制.
This process can provide a simple and robust bonding method with a rapid processing time and high selectivity of the bonding area for the packaging and fabrication of MEMS devices.	该工艺可为MEMS器件的封装与制造提供简洁、快速、键合区可选择的新型键合方法.
The full width at half maximum of the band edge emission peak at room temperature is less than 35meV, indicating that the quantum dots have relatively uniform sizes.	室温带边发射峰的半高宽小于35meV,表明量子点大小比较均匀.
A 6~18GHz three-stage MMIC full-match wide-band power amplifier has been fabricated using a 0.25μm AlGaAs/InGaAs/GaAs PHEMT process.	采用0.25μm AlGaAs/InGaAs/GaAs PHEMT工艺技术,研制出了6~18GHz三级MMIC全匹配宽带功率放大器单片.
Al wires in deposited state all present tensile stresses, which decrease as the film thickness increases.	沉积态Al线均为拉应力,且随膜厚的增加而减小.
Using MOCVD, we fabricated an InGaAsP/InGaP/AlGaAs high power semiconductor laser device with a separate confinement heterostructure (SCH).	采用MOCVD生长了InGaAsP/InGaP/AlGaAs材料系分别限制异质结构(SCH)的高功率半导体激光器.
The testing results indicate that the crystal has a cubic structure, a low full width at half maximum, and an absorption edge of 720nm. The corresponding forbidden band width is 1.722eV. The crystal has both a high IR transmittance and a high resistivity.	测试结果表明,晶体结构为立方型,半峰宽较低,吸收边为720nm,对应禁带宽度为1.722eV,晶体的红外透过率和电阻率都较高.
We proposed a novel optical heterodyne system with a distributed Bragg reflector tunable laser. We also provided an efficient calibration method for removing errors caused by the fluctuations of optical power and the line width of the beat signal. Accurate frequency response of high-speed photodetectors can be obtained with this method.	提出一种新的基于分布布拉格反射可调激光器的光外差频率响应测试系统,并给出了准确有效的校准方法来消除输出光功率和拍频线宽的波动等引起的误差,从而可以精确表征高速光探测器的频率响应特性.
We first analyzed the structure of the PLL-type frequency synthesizer and proposed the key parameters of the system.	首先分析了锁相环型频率综合器的结构并提出了系统的主要参数.
From spectrum analysis we can obtain the relationship chart of luminescence quenching efficiency changing with the space between grains. Such a relationship chart can be used to quickly and simply estimate the distance between the light-emission nanocrystals. Therefore, a wide prospect is provided for their applications in the fields of chemistry and biology.	从光谱分析可以得到荧光淬灭效率随颗粒间距的变化关系图,这种关系图可以被用来快速简捷地估计发光纳米晶体之间的距离,从而为它们在化学和生物领域的应用提供了广阔的前景.
Inductively coupled plasma etching has been carried out on GaN using Cl2/He. The advantages and disadvantages of etching GaN using Cl2/He and Cl2/Ar under the same conditions are compared.	采用Cl2/He对GaN基片进行感应耦合等离子体刻蚀,并比较了相同条件下使用Cl2/He, Cl2/Ar对GaN基片进行刻蚀的优劣.
Based on MEDICI, we gave the key physical parameter models applicable for SiGeC/Si heterojunction power diodes, and based on this, we comprehensively analyzed the design method and operation principles of the new structure.	基于MEDICI,给出了该结构的关键物理参数模型,并在此基础上对新结构的设计思路和工作原理进行了全面分析.
The circuit works well under a 1.8V power supply with power dissipation of 13mW.	该电路在1.8V电源供电下可正常工作,功耗为13mW.
This provides more flexibility to the design and fabrication of devices. It not only simplifies the design of the circuits, but also reduces the complexity of the fabricating process of MOS integrated circuits.	这为电路的设计及器件制作提供了更多的灵活性,既可以简化电路的设计又可以降低MOS集成电路制造工艺的复杂程度.
Testing results show that the quantum dots have relatively good crystal quality and a certain size distribution. The average diameter is 2.5nm with a standard deviation of 7.4%. An apparent quantum confinement effect can be observed.	测试结果显示,量子点具有较好的结晶性及一定的尺寸分布,平均直径为2.5nm,标准偏差为7.4%,表现出明显的量子限制效
The surface atomic concentration of the samples after wet etching remained about the same as before the etching.	湿法腐蚀后,样品表面原子含量和未刻蚀前基本一致.
A method for reducing the overall leakage power by using double-gate-oxide-thickness in the 45nm bulk silicon process is presented.	提出了一种在45nm体硅工艺下使用双-栅氧化层厚度来降低整体泄漏功耗的方法.
The properties of the sensor make it perfect for high-volume integrated Microsystems. It can have wide applications in many fields, such as the computer, automobile electronics, and biomedical fields.	该传感器的特性表明它非常适用于高容量的集成微系统中,在计算机、汽车电子、生物医学等领域有着广阔的应用前景.
At forward bias, PVCR=7.57, Jp=39.08kA/cm2. At reverse bias, PVCR=7.93, Jp=34.56kA/cm2.	正向偏压下PVCR=7.57,Jp=39.08kA/cm2;反向偏压下PVCR=7.93,Jp=34.56kA/cm2.
The deposition rate of the materials increases with the increase of the silane concentration. Through analysis of the structural and electrical properties of the materials, it can be concluded that with a high deposition rate (above 1nm/s), a thin film of high speed device-quality microcrystalline silicon is obtained. Moreover, a microcrystalline silicon solar cell of a high deposition rate with a 6.3% conversion efficiency is obtained.	材料沉积速率随硅烷浓度的增加而增大,通过对材料的电学特性和结构特性的分析得知:获得了沉积速率超过1nm/s高速率器件质量级微晶硅薄膜,并且也初步获得了效率达6.3%的高沉积速率微晶硅太阳电池.
The electrical conductivity of the AlN crystal has been measured at different temperatures, and the deep level defect has an activation energy of about 0.98eV.	分析了不同温度下AlN晶体的导电特性,并确定在AlN晶体中存在一个激活能约为0.98eV的深能级缺陷.
The THD is less than 0.003% under 1kHz Sine Excitation.	在1kHz的正弦波激励下,其THD小于0.003%.
The device has a separated buried oxide layer under the channel.	该器件沟道下方的埋氧层是断开的.
Electroluminescence emissions are observed by naked eye at room temperature under both forward and reverse bias.	室温下,在正反向偏压状态下都可用肉眼观察到电致发光现象.
A method for optimizing the sensitivity of the receiver is proposed.	提出了优化接收机灵敏度的方法.
Based on a short anode gate turn-off thyristor structure (SA-GTO), a novel GTO structure called an injection efficiency controlled gate turn-off thyristor (IEC-GTO) is proposed, in which the injection efficiency can be controlled via an additional thin oxide layer located in the short anode contact region.	在阳极短路型门极可关断晶闸管(SA-GTO)的基础上,提出了一种新颖的注入效率可控的门极可关断晶闸管(IEC-GTO),其注入效率可通过一层位于阳极短路接触区的薄氧化层来控制.
Using an external low noise amplifier, the receiving sensitivity of the chip can be as good as -103dBm.	使用片外的低噪声放大器,该芯片的接收灵敏度可达-103dBm.
An on-chip control circuit is used to keep the source leakage voltage and the source leakage current of the MFGFET at constant values, so the device works in a stable state.	片上控制电路使MFGFET器件源漏电压和源漏电流恒定,器件工作在一个稳定的状态.
Techniques such as ICP etching are used to fabricate the devices.	器件制备采用了ICP刻蚀等技术.
A new potential close to the Bonn-Mayn model is proposed to characterize the properties of CdSe crystal. Based on the proposed potential, we study the phase transition of CdSe from a four-near-neighbor wurtzite structure to a six-near-neighbor Rocksalt structure, which is produced by pressure.	提出了一种用于表征硒化镉(CdSe)性质、形式上类似于玻恩-迈耶模型的相互作用势,并用其研究了由压力引起的CdSe从四近邻的纤维锌矿向六近邻的岩盐矿结构的相变.
By means of the high temperature melting-annealing diffusion, we have synthesized skutterudite compounds CeyFexCo4-xSb12(y=0~0.42) with rich Co compositions. We have investigated the structures and thermoelectric properties of the compounds.	用高温熔融-退火扩散法合成了富Co组成的方钴矿化合物CeyFexCo4-xSb12(y=0~0.42),并对化合物的结构和热电性能进行了研究.
Numerical results indicate that the method can decrease the iteration number by approximately 40% and remarkably reduce the time to solve the equations.	数值计算表明,这种方法可以降低方程的迭代次数约40%,并明显减少方程的求解时间.
Through different frequency modulation of the clockwise or counterclockwise light paths, we successfully observed the output signals of the open-loop response, which corresponds to the gyros in two different rotating directions.	通过对顺时针和逆时针光路采用不同的频率调制,成功地观察到对应两个不同旋转方向的陀螺开环响应输出信号.
Also, a novel bias circuit is proposed to provide the gain boosting telescopic amplifier with a stable and stable/accurate biasing. Thus the gain boosting amplifier can have a bigger voltage swing.	还提出了一种新的偏置电路结构,为增益提高运放提供了一个稳定且精确的偏置,使得增益提高运放具有较大的电压摆幅.
In this new model, we introduced some factors such as the temperature dependence of a transverse effective electric field and surface roughness scattering, the dependence of the electron saturated drift velocity on the transverse effective electric field and the temperature, and an improved model of the Coulomb scattering of the interface trapped charges and the fixed oxide charges.	在新模型中,引入了横向有效电场和表面粗糙散射的温度依赖性,电子饱和漂移速度与横向有效电场和温度的关系,以及改进的界面陷阱电荷和固定氧化物电荷库仑散射模型等因素.
A front incident AlxGa1-xN/GaN heterojunction pin photodetector with detecting wavelength limited in the range of 326~365nm has been designed.	设计了正面入射的探测波长范围限制在326~365nm的AlxGa1-xN/GaN异质结pin光电探测器.
A simple but novel 4H-SiC MESFET empirical large signal model is proposed.	提出了一种简洁的新型4H-SiC MESFET经验大信号模型.
A LC VCO with a center frequency of 2GHz has been prepared using a micromachine variable capacitor as the frequency adjusting device.	利用微机械可变电容作为频率调节元件,制备了一种中心频率为2GHz的 LC VCO.
Taking into account the requirements of fabricating photonic crystal, we studied the influence of the fabrication parameters on a polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA) etching mask with GaAs substrates.	结合制作光子晶体结构的具体要求,研究了电子束曝光得到的电子束胶上(GaAs衬底)随实验条件变化的图形.
The carrier concentration and the electrical conductivity decrease as the Ce filling amount increases.	载流子浓度和电导率随Ce填充量的增加而减少.
On the interface, the peak of the higher binding energy in the C1s spectrum disappears and the peak value has a chemical shift of 0.2eV to lower binding energy. O1s spectrum has a chemical shift of 1.5eV to lower binding energy.	在界面处,C1s谱中较高结合能峰消失,且峰值向低结合能方向发生0.2eV的化学位移;O1s谱向低结合能方向发生1.5eV的化学位移.
These InAs quantum wires have some unique features in their growth and structures. The paper presents our laboratory’s works on the investigation of the growth and structures of InAs quantum wires.	这些InAs量子线在生长和结构方面有一些独到的特性,并介绍了本实验室在研究InAs量子线的生长和结构方面所做的工作.
Using this method, we perform an experiment for a 4mm×4mm×2.4mm thermoelectric cooler. When the environmental temperature is 300K, we have measured that the ZT value is 0.3.	采用这种方法对4mm×4mm×2.4mm的热电制冷器进行实验,环境温度300K时,测得ZT值为0.3
We have fabricated C-RAM devices using the W submicrotube heating electrodes, and analyzed the causes of failure of the devices via fatigue property tests.	使用W亚微米管加热电极制备出C-RAM器件,并通过疲劳特性测试分析了器件失效的原因.
The VCO draws a current of about 2.1mA from a 1.8V power supply and can work normally with a 1.5V power supply.	压控振荡器在1.8V电源电压下消耗2.1mA电流并能够在1.5V电源电压下正常工作.
Testing results indicated that the resonance peak of the I-V curve of the quantum well shifts to the positive side under the (110) uniaxial stress while it shifts to the negative side under the (110) uniaxial stress. We analyzed the physical mechanism of the mechanical-electrical coupling effect of the quantum well.	测试结果表明:量子阱薄膜I-V曲线的共振峰在(110)方向单轴应力作用下向正偏压方向漂移,在(110)方向应力作用下向负偏压方向偏移,并分析了量子阱薄膜力电耦合效应的物理成因.
Experimental results discovered that the photoconductivity of the sample strongly depends on the intensity of the incident light. When the intensity of the incident light increases, normal persistent photoconductivity (PPC), negative photoconductivity (NPC) and negative persistent photoconductivity (NPPC) occur successively.	实验发现样品的光电导与入射光强有密切的关系,当入射光强由弱到强变化时,样品会依次出现正常持续光电导(PPC)、负光电导(NPC)和负持续光电导(NPPC)现象.
The DC field breaks the dynamic symmetry of the system and affects the dynamic localization.	直流电压破坏系统的动力学对称性,并对动态局域化产生影响.
This is a simple method to estimate the Ge compositions of a Ge/Si island multilayer structure.	这是一种简单估算Ge/Si多层纳米岛材料中Ge组分的方法.
The paper describes the preliminary design of ridge-waveguide tapered diode lasers at 14xxnm. InGaAsP/InP-based diode lasers with compressively strained quantum wells and wavelengths around 14xx nm are grown by MOCVD. Cavity-spoiling grooves are etched down through the active region to prevent a direct feedback path between the front and rear facets outside of the ridge region and improve the beam quality.	初步设计14xxnm锥形增益区脊形波导量子阱激光器材料和器件结构,利用MOCVD生长14xx nm InGaAsP/InP量子阱激光器外延片,引入腔破坏凹槽(cavity-spoiling grooves)将有源层刻蚀断以隔离从锥形区反向传输回的高阶模,进一步改善远场光束质量.
SIMS analysis shows that the formation of NiSi after annealing supported extra carbon atoms’ outdiffusion from inside of SiC to form interstitial compound TiC on the interface.	SIMS分析表明退火过程中NiSi化合物的形成会带来SiC内部多余C原子的溢出,并在接触面上与Ti形成间隙化合物TiC.
Basic physical equations for the operation of a reverse switch-on dynistor (RSD) are derived from the fundamental theory of large injection semiconductor physics.	从大注入半导体物理的基本理论推导得到了反向开关复合管(RSD)工作的基本物理方程.
In this paper, we present a novel deformable mirror driven by a laser.	介绍了一种新型的利用激光驱动的可变形反射镜.
At VDS=20V, IDS=80mA and an operating frequency of 1.8GHz, the simulation results of the DC current-voltage curve, the output power, the power added efficiency and the gain agree well with the experimental results.	在偏置点VDS=20V,IDS=80mA和工作频率1.8GHz下,模型直流电流-电压扫描曲线、输出功率、功率附加效率和增益的模拟结果与实验数据符合良好.
The results can be used as a reference for the safe thermal operation of the power devices operating at various frequencies.	所得结果可作为功率器件在各种频率下工作时热安全工作的参考
The is because that the heating effect generated by the current has enhanced the diffusion effect of Hg and the device cut-off wavelength changes accordingly.	这是因为电流产生的热效应加强了Hg扩散效应,从而使器件截止波长发生变化.
The digital decimator includes a multi-phase comb filter and a wave-digital filter. It features low power consumption and small area.	数字的降采样器包括多相梳状滤波器和波数字滤波器,功耗低,面积小.
Additionally, the profile of the built-in electric field has a sharp slope near x1.	此外,在x1附近内建电场变化有一个很大的陡坡.
Testing results show that the self test voltage output is 6.8% of the entire range and the overall accuracy is higher than 2.1‰.	测试结果显示,自检测电压输出为满量程输出的6.8%,综合精度高于2.1‰.
We proposed a novel surface implanted silicon-based LDMOS high-voltage device structure with p buried layer, which is referred to as BSI LDMOS.	提出一种带p埋层的表面注入硅基LDMOS高压器件新结构,称为BSI LDMOS (surface implanted LDMOS with p buried layer).
Time dependence of radiation damage in bipolar operational amplifiers has been studied via a series of radiation experiments.	通过一系列辐照实验对双极运放辐射损伤的时间相关性进行了研究.
By carrying out a simulation on the device we discovered that with different biases during irradiation, the electric field distributions in the active region and in the buried oxide layer are quite different.	通过器件模拟发现,在辐射过程中器件的偏置条件不同,造成器件的有源区和埋氧层中电场的分布有着很大的差异.
The design is free of DC-offset as inserting an inter-stage high-pass filter, and operational amplifiers with adjustable gain bandwidth are used to minimize power consumption in GSM-mode.	基带由于插入了高通滤波器具有滤除直流的功能,并且为了优化GSM模式下的功耗,运放的带宽做成可调.
This paper describes the fabrication of CuPc/SiO2 coating via thermal growth and sublimation. Its surface electron states were studied by atomic force microscopy and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. Detailed study on the spectra was done through Gaussian fitting.	本文通过热生长工艺和热蒸发方法分别获得CuPc和SiO2薄膜层,通过原子力显微镜和x射线光电子能谱对其表面界面电子状态进行了研究,并采用高斯拟合的方法对各谱进行了详细的分析。
The forward blocking, conducting, and switching properties are simulated and compared with the SA-GTO and the conventional GTO.	模拟了IEC-GTO的正向阻断、导通和开关特性,并与短路阳极和普通阳极GTO的特性进行比较分析.
Using two dimensional numerical analysis, we confirmed that the condition to required by REBULF is that the product of the n+ layer’s location and the concentration of the substrate is no greater than 1E12cm-2. Keeping low on-resistance, the new structure can increase the breakdown voltage by 75% or greater than that of conventional LDMOS structures.	借助二维数值分析,验证了满足REBULF的条件为n+层的位置与衬底浓度的乘积不大于1E12cm-2;在保证低的比导通电阻条件下,新结构较传统LDMOS结构击穿电压可提高75%以上.
Testing results indicate that with a parasitical capacitance of 2pF, the work rate of the front-end amplifier has achieved 1.25Gb/s. A clear eye diagram is obtained under an input optical signal with an optical power of -17dBm.	测试结果表明,在2pF的寄生电容下,前端放大器工作速率达到了1.25Gb/s,在光功率为-17dBm的光信号输入下得到了清晰的眼图.
The D’yakonov-Perel’ (DP) spin relaxation mechanism for conventional GaAs (100) quantum wells is well suppressed in GaAs (110) quantum wells.	对于常见的GaAs (100)量子阱起支配作用的D'yakonov-Perel' (DP)自旋弛豫机制,在GaAs (110)量子阱材料里被充分地抑制了.
A deterministic method for solving the problem of large-scale VLSI module placement is proposed.	提出了一种用于求解大规模VLSI模块布局问题的确定性方法.
We analyzed and discussed the nucleation mechanism of the observed 75mm HgCdTe surface defects and the averaged density of surface defects of HgCdTe material is found to be less than 300cm-2.	对所观察到的HgCdTe表面缺陷成核机制进行了分析讨论,获得的75mm HgCdTe材料平均表面缺陷密度低于300cm-2.
Analytical model for the surface electric field and electric potential of a bulk silicon double RESURF device is proposed.	提出了体硅double RESURF器件的表面电场和电势的解析模型.
A novel coplanar gas sensor employing La<sub>0.7</sub>Sr<sub>0.3</sub>FeO<sub>3</sub> as sensing material has been designed and fabricated.	以La<sub>0.7</sub>Sr<sub>0.3</sub>FeO<sub>3</sub>为敏感材料,设计制成了一种新型的共平面结构气体传感器.
We find that electron impurity scattering provides an additional channel for the injection and extraction process of electrons in the active region.	发现电子与杂质的散射为电子在有源区中的注入和抽取过程提供了另外一个通道.
For a single-finger device with a 0.25µm gate length, the peak transconductance can be as high as 250mS/mm, and the characteristic frequency is 77GHz.	0.25μm栅长的单指器件测到峰值跨导为250mS/mm,特征频率为77GHz.
Simulation is carried out using CSMC based 0.6μm n well 2p2m process SPICE BSIM3V3 MOS model (level=49), with a 5V single power supply.	利用基于CSMC的0.6μm n阱2p2m工艺SPICE BSIM3V3 MOS模型(level=49)进行仿真,采用单电源5V电压供电.
We fabricated a novel double-layer SiCOF/a-C: F film with a low dielectric constant using a plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition system and have characterized the chemical structure of the film with infrared spectroscopy.	用等离子体化学气相淀积系统制备了一种新颖的SiCOF/a-C∶F双层低介电常数介质薄膜,并用红外光谱表征了该薄膜的化学结构.
This digital interpolation filter has already been successfully applied to an over-sampling D/A converter.	该数字插值滤波器已经被成功应用于一款过采样数模转换器.
The parasitic effect of the static induction device can lead to degradation and even the failure of the device. The model of the parasitic effect is proposed in this paper. Simulation has been carried out using PSPICE, which gave results identical to those obtained from experiment.	静电感应器件的寄生效应会导致器件性能的劣化甚至失效,文中提出了寄生效应的模型,并用PSPICE进行了仿真模拟,数值模拟结果和实验结果一致.
We studied the effects of high temperature treatment by conventional furnace annealing and rapid thermal processing (RTP) on the dissolution and the re-growth behavior of oxygen precipitation in Czochralski (CZ) silicon wafers.	重点研究了直拉(CZ)硅中氧沉淀在快速热处理(RTP)和常规炉退火过程中的高温消融以及再生长行为.
We proposed a novel automatic compensation method in which the birefringent fiber Sagnac loop filter automatically? compensates for the shift of its wave length caused by the change of temperature. This is done by fixing the filter onto the substrate material with a large thermal expansion constant.	提出了对双折射光纤Sagnac滤波器的自动补偿方案,将其粘贴在大热膨胀系数的基底材料上,使双折射光纤Sagnac滤波器自动补偿其光谱波长对温度产生的漂移.
ZnO films have been grown on Si substrates using a connected double-chamber high-temperature MOCVD system. The compositions and structures of ZnO epi-layers grown at different substrate conditions were analyzed using Rutherford backscattering/channel (RBS/C) and high-resolution X-ray diffraction (HR-XRD) techniques. The results show that, when a SiC buffer layer is incorporated, the full-width-at-half-maximum of the diffraction peak of the ZnO (0002) plane on the Si (111) substrate reduces significantly, the defect density decreases, the quality of the crystal improves significantly, and the strain along the c-axis changes from 0.49% to -0.16%, i.e., changes from tensile strain to compressive strain and the absolute value of the strain is reduced. The results indicate that the SiC buffer layer can effectively reduce the strain caused by the lattice mismatch between ZnO and Si substrate, so as to improve the quality of the epi-layer and realize the growth of single crystalline ZnO on Si substrate.	采用连通式双反应室高温MOCVD系统在Si衬底上外延ZnO薄膜,通过卢瑟福背散射/沟道(RBS/C)及高分辨X射线衍射(HR-XRD)技术对不同衬底条件的ZnO外延膜进行了组分及结构分析,结果表明在采用SiC缓冲层后,Si (111)衬底上ZnO (0002)面衍射峰半高宽明显减小,缺陷密度降低,单晶质量显著变好,c轴方向应变由0.49%变为-0.16%,即由拉应变变为压应变且应变值变小,说明SiC缓冲层可以有效地减小ZnO与Si衬底晶格失配带来的应变,改善外延膜质量,实现Si衬底上单晶ZnO的生长.
The number of project proposals accepted by the semiconductor division of the National Natural Science Foundation in 2005 continued to increase substantially. The paper briefly presents a summary of the funding application and sponsorship in the semiconductor division in 2005; we analyze the recent trends of accepted applications in the semiconductor division; we introduce the strategies that the division may use, with an appendix of the approved project proposals and key projects in the semiconductor division in 2005, as a reference for the numerous scientific researchers.	2005年国家自然科学基金委员会半导体学科受理的面上项目申请数继续大幅度上升,本文简介2005年半导体学科基金申请与资助概况,分析半导体学科受理申请的近期动态,介绍学科拟采取的对策,并附录2005年半导体学科批准资助的面上项目及重点项目,供广大的科研人员参考。
The removal rate (MRR) achieves 697nm/min and the surface roughness (RMS) decreases to 0.4516nm. Ultra-fine polishing of the silicon wafer is achieved with simultaneous increase of the polishing rate.	去除速率(MRR)达697nm/min,表面粗糙度(RMS)降低至0.4516nm,在提高抛光速率的同时对硅片实现了超精密抛光.
The effects of various factors in this bonding method, such as laser power, scanning velocity, and base material, were also studied.	同时研究了该键合工艺参数如激光功率、激光扫描速度、底板材料等的影响.
The widths of the samples from the same batch vary within a 20% range.	同批样品的宽度变化范围在20%以内.
By means of molecular beam epitaxy We achieved the growth of Er2O3 single crystal film on p-type Si (001) and Si (111) substrates under the condition of 700℃ and 0.93mPa.	利用分子束外延方法在p型Si(001)和Si (111)衬底上,在700°C 0.93mPa的条件下实现了Er2O3单晶薄膜的生长.
A monolithic voltage controlled oscillator based on a negative resistance principle and fabricated using a commercially available InGaP/GaAs heterojunction bipolar transistor process is presented, which is designed for 5GHz band wireless applications.	介绍了一种由商用InGaP/GaAs异质结双极晶体管工艺制成、基于负阻原理的单片压控振荡器,此电路定位于5GHz频段下的无线应用.
Based on the analysis of the physical properties of the SiGeC alloy material, we present the model for the key physical parameters of the structure, on the basis of which we compare and analyze the effects of C incorporation on various electrical properties of the device using MEDICI simulation.	在分析SiGeC合金材料物理特性的基础上,给出了该结构的关键物理参数模型,并在此基础上利用MEDICI模拟,对比分析了C的引入对器件各种电特性的影响.
A novel physical model of an on-chip spiral inductor for high-loss silicon substrates has been established, which is based on the partial element equivalent circuit method and the full coupling transformer model.	针对高损耗硅衬底,基于部分元等效电路方法和全耦合变压器模型,建立了一种新的片上螺旋电感物理模型.
Its measured BVCBO is greater than 31V and the BVCEO is greater than 21V. At a frequency of 5.4GHz, the saturated CW output power of the fabricated HBT power transistor is 1.4W with a maximum power density of 3.5W/mm, and a power added efficiency (PAE) of greater than 40%.	其击穿电压BVCBO大于31V, BVCEO大于21V;在5.4GHz时连续波(CW)饱和输出功率达到1.4W,功率密度达到3.5W/mm,功率附加效率(PAE)大于40%.
We have also described the process modeling of this model-based verification method. The performance of the method is demonstrated by examples.	还描述了这种基于模型的验证方法的过程建模,实例说明这种方法的性能.
Meanwhile, the sheet resistance Rsh of the implanted layers decreases from 975 to 438Ω/□.	同时,注入层的方块电阻Rsh从975下降到438Ω/□.
A/the SiGeC technique is used to improve the characteristics of power semiconductor devices. A novel p+(SiGeC)-n--n+ heterojunction power diode structure is proposed.	将SiGeC技术应用于功率半导体器件的特性改进,提出了一种新型p+(SiGeC)-n--n+异质结功率二极管结构.
Depending on the state of the five VID inputs, the output voltage varies between 1.1 and 1.85V in increments of 25mV.	5位VID码不同的输入状态,输出基准电压从1.1变到1.85V,变化步长为25mV.
Low-temperature photoluminescence and time-resolved photoluminescence measurements carried out on the samples indicate that the excitation energy and excitation wavelength have a strong influence on the electron spin relaxation time in the quantum wells at room temperature.	对样品进行了低温光致发光谱和时间分辨光致发光谱的测量,结果表明激发功率和激发波长对室温下量子阱内电子的自旋弛豫时间有强烈的影响.
We have proposed a fabrication scheme of a new CMOS constant voltage source. Based on the principle of different weights of the variation of the gate-source voltages in nMOS and pMOS saturation regions with temperature, corresponding calculation of the two is performed to obtain a constant voltage source with a zero temperature coefficient.	提出了一种新型CMOS恒压源的制作方案,它基于nMOS和pMOS的饱和区栅源电压随温度变化权重不同的原理,将两者做相关运算,得到零温度系数的恒压源.
The circuit is manufactured by 0.25μm CMOS technology. Better performance and a smaller silicon area are achieved compared with results in previous literature.	电路采用0.25μm CMOS工艺进行了硅片验证,与文献结果相比,本文方案在性能和芯片面积上均具有明显优势.
We further studied the influence of H content in SiC on the etching rate of RIE and confirmed the existence of load effects in the ICP etching process.	进一步研究了SiC中H含量对于RIE刻蚀速率的影响,同时验证ICP刻蚀过程中负载效应的存在.
Compared to bulk ZnSe, the steady-state absorption edge of the nano material undergoes a blue shift. Furthermore, the smaller the size of the nano particles, the larger the blue shift, because size reductions simultaneously cause quantum confinement effect enhancing.	与ZnSe体材料相比,其纳米材料的稳态吸收边发生了蓝移,而且纳米颗粒的尺寸越小,蓝移量越大,这是由于随着尺度减少而引起的量子限制效应增强造成的.
The results also showed no direct relation between the electrical properties of the etched p-GaN and the surface profile. It is the shallow donor energy level induced during etching that causes the degradation of the ohmic contact, which reduces the hole concentration at the surface.	结果还显示,已刻蚀p-GaN材料的电特性与物理表面形貌没有直观联系,刻蚀后欧姆接触特性变差更多地是因为刻蚀中浅施主能级的引入,使表面附近空穴浓度降低所致.
We used the theory of nonequilibrium carriers and the effective lifetime of the device to calculate the generation-recombination noise, and obtained a similar tendency with the experimental results.	利用非平衡载流子和器件有效寿命理论对器件的产生复合噪声进行了计算,计算结果与实验结果在随背景辐射变化的趋势上相似.
The model is finally used to model an 8-gate-finger (finger length L=0.24μm, width W=9.58μm) n-MOSFET, which was fabricated by a 0.25μm RF-CMOS process supplied by CSM (Chartered Semiconductor Manufacture Ltd).	模型最终应用到采用CSM (Chartered Semiconductor Manufacture Ltd) 0.25μm RF-CMOS工艺制造的一共源连接、8栅指(每指尺寸长L=0.24μm,宽W=9.58μm) n-MO
The device has a cutoff frequency of 85GHz and a maximum oscillation frequency of 72GHz. These properties make the type of device suitable for low voltage, low power consumption, and high frequency applications.	器件的截止频率达到85GHz,最大振荡频率为72GHz,这些特性使此类器件更适合于低压、低功耗及高频方面的应用.
We proposed a novel system-corrected CMOS audio power amplifier.	提出了一种新型的系统矫正结构CMOS音频功率放大器.
The experiment’s results also showed that when the amorphous As2S8 semiconductor film was annealed at the glass transition temperature, which is 130°C, the photo refraction is fully-reversible.	实验显示,退火态非晶As2S8半导体薄膜在玻璃转化温度130°C时退火处理,光折变存在完全可逆现象.
Through curve fitting, we obtained that the dependences of the average grain size on annealing temperature and time are exponential and near linear parabolic functions, respectively.	通过曲线拟合,得到平均晶粒尺寸与退火温度和时间的依赖关系分别是自然指数和近线性的抛物线函数.
We report on InAs/GaAs quantum dot memory based on high-electron-mobility transistor (HEMT) structure. It can work at room temperature and its storage status can be fully controlled by gate voltage.	报道基于高电子迁移率晶体管(HEMT)结构的InAs/GaAs量子点存储器,它既可以在室温下工作,又可以完全由栅极电压来控制其存储状态.
This method not only keeps all the advantages of the traditional substrate curvature method, but also eliminates its systematic error.	该方法不仅保留了传统基底弯曲法的所有优点,而且消除了其系统误差.
The test results show that, the mixer has a conversion gain of 9.5dB at 5.15GHz, a noise figure of 13.5dB, a third-order intercept point of 7.6dBm, a power consumption of 67mW with a 3.3V power supply, and a DC-offset of 1.73mV, eliminating 76% of DC-offset,	该混频器经过测试,在5.15GHz频率下具有9.5dB的转换增益,13.5dB的噪声系数和7.6dBm的三阶交调,在3.3V电源电压条件下67mW的功耗,以及1.73mV的直流漂移,并能使直流漂移减少76%.
By fabrication, a laser range finder SOICMOS IC with complete function and parameters working at high temperatures has been developed.	通过工艺流片,实现了一种电路级具有完整功能和参数要求的高温工作的激光测距SOICMOS集成电路.
A novel high pressure super junction LDMOS (SJ-LDMOS) device structure with partial N buried layers is proposed to eliminate the substrate-assisted depletion effect that significantly degrades the breakdown voltage (BV) of conventional SJ-LDMOS.	针对衬底辅助耗尽效应降低常规super junction LDMOS (SJ-LDMOS)击穿电压的不足,提出了一种新的具有部分n埋层的高压SJ-LDMOS器件结构.
Based on 0.35μm CMOS technology with the options of nonvolatile memory and Schottky diode, we designed the RFID RF front end circuit.	基于具有不挥发存储器和肖特基二极管选项的0.35μm CMOS工艺,设计了RFID射频前端电路.
The performance of the device can be optimized with a PS:NPB ratio of 1.	当 PS和NPB的组分浓度比为1时,可以最大限度地优化该器件的性能.
In the CC-CV charging mode, the charger first supplies large charging current to the battery. Before the voltage of the battery saturates, the charging current already starts to decrease. After the voltage of the battery reaches saturation voltage and keeps constant, the charging current further decreases.	在CC-CV充电模式下,充电器先给电池提供大的充电电流;在电池电压尚未到达饱和之前,充电电流便开始减小;电池电压达到饱和并保持恒定之后,充电电流进一步减小.
Compared with the results from X-ray diffraction patterns we can see that the magnitude of tensile stress in the film has a close relationship with the film’s crystal quality, which shows that the tensile stress originates from the lattice mismatch between the epitaxial layer and the substrate. The larger the lattice mismatch, the larger the tensile stress generated in the epitaxial layer.	对照X射线衍射图形的结果可以看出,薄膜中张应力的大小与薄膜的结晶质量密切相关,表明张应力来源于外延层和基片间的晶格失配,晶格失配越大,外延层中产生的张应力越大.
We proposed a DC-offset cancellation scheme in a 5GHz direct-conversion receiver compliant with the IEEE802.11a wireless LAN standard.	提出了一种符合IEEE802.11a无线局域网的5GHz直下变频接收机解决直流漂移的方法.
We developed a resonant micro-mechanical cantilever sensor with a mass-resolution of tens of femtograms in the air for bio-chemical quality measurement.	开发了一种在空气中具有几十飞克质量分辨率的谐振式微机械悬臂梁生化质量检测传感器.
Theoretical analysis indicates that mesa structure geometry has an influence on the oxide growth rate at a high temperature.	理论分析表明,台面结构的几何形状对高温下的氧化速率产生了影响.
By analyzing the PSJ specific on-resistance, we have obtained a theoretical formula of the optimized design for the specific on-resistance of PSJ high-voltage devices.	通过对PSJ比导通电阻的分析,得到了PSJ高压器件比导通电阻优化设计的理论公式.
The off-resonant third-order nonlinear polarization coefficient of the film is 1.0e-10esu and the relaxation time is 60fs.	得到薄膜非共振三阶非线性极化系数为1.0e-10esu,弛豫时间为60fs.
Based on high quality strain-compensated quantum cascade laser material, and by shortening the FP cavity length, we discovered a new approach to implement a single mode device.	以高质量的应变补偿量子级联激光器材料为支撑,通过减小FP腔长,开辟实现单模器件的新途径.
Using this method, we have accurately extracted the device parameters of a GaAs HBT with an emitter area of 180μm2. Verification results indicate that the algorithm accuracy can achieve 40GHz.	运用该方法精确提取了一发射结面积为180μm2的GaAs HBT器件参数,验证结果表明,算法精度可达40GHz.
We studied a SiC microwave power device using home grown epitaxial material 4H-SiC.	利用本实验室生长的4H-SiC外延材料开展了SiC微波功率器件的研究.
In order to improve the coupling power between super luminescent diodes (SLD) of ridge waveguide structure and single-mode fiber, we studied the influence of the thickness of the residue layer between active region and ridge and the upper optical confinement layer on the SLD output power and the near field light spots.	为了提高脊波导结构的超辐射二极管(SLD)与单模光纤的耦合功率,研究了有源区与脊之间的残留层和上光限制层的厚度对SLD输出功率和近场光斑的影响.
With the decrease of the size of the nano particles, the probability of the inelastic collision between carriers and nano particle surfaces increases, which resulted in enhanced carrier-phonon coupling strength and shorter carrier-phonon scattering time.	随着纳米颗粒尺寸的减小,载流子与颗粒表面的非弹性碰撞几率增加,从而使载流子-声子耦合的强度增强,导致载流子-声子散射时间缩短.
At room temperature, nanometer Si embedded structure hydrogenated amorphous silicon nitride films (a-SiNx:H) were implanted C+. The energe is 30keV and the doping dose is 2e17cm-2.	常温下对低压化学气相沉积制备的纳米硅镶嵌结构的a-SiNx∶H薄膜进行C+注入,能量为30keV,剂量为2e17cm-2.
Based on 0.25μm CMOS technology, the proposed amplifier provides a total gain range of 64.5dB with a dB-linear range of 55.6dB.	基于0.25μm CMOS工艺验证表明,放大器可提供64.5dB的增益变化范围,其中dB线性范围为55.6dB.
The results also show that for OFET per se, a SiO2 layer produced by spurting technology has an advantage over that produced by oxidation technology.	结果也表明,对OFET而言,采用溅射工艺制备的SiO2层应比热氧化生长的SiO2层的OFET要更合适。
Theoretical, PSPICE simulation, and experimental results showed that the extrinsic ideality factor of an array with a good consistency is equal to the extrinsic ideality factor of an individual unit of the array. This conclusion can be applied to the examination of the extrinsic ideality factor of an array unit and the reliability study of an array.	理论、PSPICE仿真和实验结果表明:一致性良好的阵列的非本征理想因子等于每个阵列单元的非本征理想因子,该结论可用于对阵列单元非本征理想因子检测与阵列可靠性研究.
Results show direct bonding at a lower annealing temperature (for example 580°C) is beneficial for the fabrication of micro-cavity structures with high optical performance. But when the annealing temperature is increased, we need to add a defect blocking layer into the bonded structure to improve bonding quality.	结果表明:在较低退火温度下(如580°C)进行直接键合有利于高光学性能微腔结构的制备,而提高退火温度则需要在键合结构中加入缺陷阻挡层以提高键合质量.
We performed a computer simulation of the circuit and the simulation result is basically consistent with the theoretical calculation.	对电路进行了计算机模拟,模拟结果和理论计算基本一致.
We proposed an extraction method of the component parameter values of an enhancement-mode InGaP/AlGaAs/InGaAs PHEMT small signal equivalent circuit, and these component parameter values are extracted by using the EEHEMT1 model in IC-CAP software.	介绍了增强型InGaP/AlGaAs/InGaAs PHEMT小信号等效电路中元件参数值的提取方法,并利用IC-CAP软件EEHEMT1模型提取了参数.
Making use of the properties of SOI devices, we carefully designed the circuit and drew the masks. After simulating the critical path and the whole chip, we successfully fabricated the chip in the first run.	在设计过程中,利用SOI器件所具有的特性,对电路进行精心的设计和层次化版图绘制,通过对关键路径和版图后全芯片的仿真,使得芯片一次流片成功.
The photoluminescence spectra shows that the PS  light and the ZnO light overlap with each other, presenting a white light radiation.	光致发光谱显示,PS的发光与ZnO的发光相叠加,呈现白光发射.
Raman measurements indicate that there exists an amorphous incubation layer at the p/i interface in the microcrystalline silicon thin film solar cell.	喇曼测试结果显示:微晶硅薄膜太阳电池在p/i界面存在着一定的非晶孵化层.
A novel patterned-SOI LDMOSFET with a silicon window under the gate was designed and fabricated.	设计并制备了一种新颖的在栅下开硅窗口的图形化SOI LDMOSFET.
For the hole transportation layer, composite structure is used, which is a doping system consisting of small-molecular hole transporting material NPB and polymer matrix material polystyrene (PS).	空穴传输层采用复合结构,为有机小分子空穴传输材料NPB与聚合物母体材料聚苯乙烯(PS)的掺杂体系,并利用旋涂工艺简化了薄膜制备.
We analyzed the properties of the circuit, and it is taped out based on 0.6μm CMOS technology.	论证分析了该电路的基本特性,并基于0.6μm CMOS工艺进行了流片.
Using MEMS technology, we have fabricated a high-performance air-core solenoid radio frequency micro mechanical inductor.	利用MEMS技术制作了高性能的空芯螺线管型射频微机械电感.
Block programming and erase function are realized in the chip. Optimization of access time and power consumption is realized by optimizing the structures of the sensor amplifier and control logic.	芯片实现了块编程和擦写功能,并通过优化敏感放大器和控制逻辑的结构,实现了读存储器时间和功耗的最优化.
The results of the model were verified by the numerical simulator ISE DESSIS.	数值模拟器ISE DESSIS验证了模型结果.
While the 0.18µm gate stripe is defined by e-beam direct writing, other structures are all realized using normal semiconductor processing facilities.	除0.18μm的栅线条采用电子束直写技术外,其他结构均通过常规的半导体制造设备实现.
When VDS = ±1.5V and VGS = ±1.8V, saturation drive currents of nMOS and pMOS are 679 and -327 μA/μm respectively.	在VDS=±1.5V,VGS=±1.8V下,nMOS和pMOS的饱和驱动电流分别为679和-327μA/μm.
From a model of a dual-tone signal, we analyze the effects of the finite envelope modulator bandwidth and differential delay between phase envelope signal on the intermodulation distortion (IMD), and derive a general simplified model which better fits the laboratory measurements.	从双频信号模型出发,分析了包络通道带宽和相位包络间信号延时差对交调失真的共同影响,得出了一个更符合测试结果的通用简化模型.
Three novel SRAM cell configurations are proposed, which have been used to design a 32kb SRAM. Simulation results showed that the overall leakage power can be reduced by more than 50%.	提出了三种新型的SRAM单元结构,并且使用这些单元设计了一个32kb的SRAM, 仿真结果表明,整体泄漏功耗可以降低50%以上.
We present a detailed routing algorithm considering the optical proximity effect.	提出了一种考虑光学邻近效应的详细布线算法.
The baseband chain consists of a dual-mode, highly linear, fourth order Chebyshev active RC filter and three variable gain amplifier stages.	基带由双模的高线性度的四阶切比雪夫形式的有源RC低通滤波器以及三级可变增益放大器构成.
Deformation of the beam in InP-based MOEMS tunable devices is frequently observed in experiments. This is because As atoms enter the beam during the growth and cause internal gradient force.	InP基微光机电系统(MOEMS)可调谐器件的梁在实验中常出现弯曲变形的现象,其原因是在生长的时候,As原子进入InP梁,产生了内部梯度应力.
This paper also discusses the cause of these properties of the material grown in the micron sized region.	文章还对微区生长材料的这些特性成因进行了探讨.
We performed thermal annealing processes at different temperatures on InGaN film with an In composition of 0.14 grown by means of metal organic chemical vapor deposition.	对采用金属有机化学气相沉积方法生长的In组分为0.14的InGaN薄膜在不同温度下进行了热退火处理.
The paper also provides the preliminary results of the SiC power amplifier’s stability when operating at large-signal microwave.	文中还给出了SiC功率放大器在微波大信号工作时的稳定性的初步测试结果.
Film structures are measured by X-ray diffraction (XRD); and the Al/Sb composition ratio is measured by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The results indicate that the AlSb polycrystalline films have a single crystalline phase, uniform structure, and a grain size of about 20nm.	用X射线衍射(XRD)法测薄膜结构;用扫描电镜(SEM)测薄膜Al/Sb成分比,结果表明AlSb多晶薄膜具有单一的晶相、均匀的结构,以及粒径大约20nm的晶粒.
The PbI2 detector fabricated using above mentioned crystal is sensitive to 241Am 59.5keV γ-ray at room temperature, with a full width at half maximum (FWHM) of the energy spectrum of 26.7keV.	采用上述晶体制备的PbI2探测器在室温下对241Am 59.5keV γ射线敏感,能谱半高宽(FWHM)为26.7keV.
An X-band InGaP/GaAs HBT single-stage MMIC power amplifier has been developed, which was fabricated by a GaAs HBT self-aligning process developed by the authors.	研制了X波段的InGaP/GaAs HBT 单级MMIC功率放大器,该电路采用自行开发的GaAs HBT自对准工艺技术制作.
In addition, with increasing lattice constant, the extraction efficiency.	并且随着晶格常数的增加,出光效率
Direct bonding of GaAs and GaN wafers with a relatively good bonding quality has been realized after hydrophilic surface treatment and thermal treatment at 500ºC under the protection of nitrogen for 10 minutes.	对晶片进行亲水表面处理,在氮气保护下500°C热处理10min,成功实现GaAs与GaN晶片的直接键合,键合质量较好.
We found the growth mode of PTCDA on the p-Si substrate is as follows: first, PTCDA accumulate at the defects to form many 3D island-like PTCDA crystal nuclei; then the delocalized big π bonds of PTCDA force the PTCDA molecules in the neighboring two layers to overlap, and ultimately to form island-like structures.	得出PTCDA在p-Si基底上的生长模式为:PTCDA首先在缺陷处聚集,形成许多三维岛状的PTCDA晶核,然后在PTCDA离域大π键的作用下,相邻的两层PTCDA分子存在一定程度的交叠,最终形成岛状结构.
We explained the mechanism for the influence of copper and nickel metals on oxygen precipitation based on experimental results together with oxygen precipitation nucleation theory.	基于实验结果并结合氧沉淀的形核理论,对金属铜、镍对氧沉淀的影响机理进行了解释.
In addition, a chip-level electro-magnetic field simulation method is presented. Simulation results by this method agree well with the testing results, which verifies the circuit design.	同时,给出了一种芯片级电磁场仿真验证方法,用该方法仿真的结果和测试结果非常一致,保证了电路设计的准确性.
This micro inductor employs a copper coil to reduce the parasitic resistance of the coil. The total area of the micro inductor is 880μm×350μ, which effectively saves the chip area compared with planer solenoid micro inductors.	这种微电感采用铜线圈以减小线圈寄生电阻,整个微电感的面积是880μm×350μm,与平面螺旋型微电感相比,有效地节省了芯片面积.
The equation for the valence band effective density of states is re-fitted and the effect of the conduction band effective density of states is also considered when calculating the built-in electric field	重新拟合了价带有效态密度公式,并在计算内建电场时考虑了导带有效态密度的影响.
Experiments show that, with increasing the deposition thickness of quantum dots, L, the phonon frequency of InAs quantum dots shifts to red due to the release of strain.	实验显示,随着量子点层淀积厚度L的增加,InAs量子点的声子频率由于应变释放发生红移.
To enhance the coupling strength between the gate and the quantum dot confined in the transport channel and improve the gain modulation factor, we developed a fabrication technique that combines preset control gates, direct writing electron beam, anisotropic etching and thermal oxidation.	为了增强单电子晶体管中栅极和沟道量子点之间的耦合度,提高增益调节系数,发展了结合预制控制栅、电子束直写、各向异性腐蚀和热氧化的制备工艺.
The analysis of high resolution XTEM demonstrates, among all the samples, the formation of axiotaxy along with the (111) orientation of the substrate silicon – the alignment growth of some certain crystal planes in the NiSi film and the (111) plane of Si substrates..	高分辨率XTEM分析表明,在所有样品中都形成了沿衬底硅〈111〉方向的轴延-NiSi薄膜中的一些特定晶面与衬底硅中的(111)面对准生长.
The method uses a delay locked loop with a proposed quadrature phase detector to greatly reduce the phase error.	这种方法基于一个采用提出的正交相位检测器的延迟锁定环路来大大减小正交相位误差.
In the presence of Zeeman splitting of local energy levels, these two types of Kondo phonon sidebands of different origins can be distinguished from each other in a spin resolved spectral function..	当局域能级存在Zeeman分裂时,两类不同起源的Kondo声子伴带在自旋分辨的谱函数中可以相互区分.
The corresponding PL measurement at room temperature shows that the samples have different luminescence lines in the near-band edge emission.	相应的室温PL谱测量显示样品近带边发射包含不同的发光线.
We studied the high temperature annealing behavior of InN film under ammonia atmosphere.	对InN薄膜在氨气氛下的高温退火行为进行了研究.
At low temperatures, the reproducible response of a terahertz (THz) photocurrent was observed in a Schottky wrap gate GaAs single electron transistor.	低温条件下具有肖特基围栅结构的GaAs基单电子晶体管可重复探测到THz光子的光电流响应.
The experiment was done using an optical ring and a 1×2 optical coupler.	实验中使用一个环形器和一个1×2耦合器来实现光自注入.
By investigating the conductivity activation energy of the polycrystalline SiGe(1-x)Ge(x) material through testing its dark conductivity as a function of temperature, the effects of hydrogenation are studied.	通过测试材料暗电导的温度特性得出多晶硅锗材料的电导激活能,从而考察氢处理效果.
The bowing parameters of BxIn1-xP are b_Eg(Γ)=4.32eV and b_Eg(X)=1.8eV. The composition of B at which the material changes from direct band gap to indirect band gap is 0.47. A small amount of B incorporation can reduce the band gap of BxIn1-xP, with a minimum band gap of 1.33eV at x=0.15. The bowing parameters of BxGa1-xP are b_Eg(Γ)=1.37eV, b_Eg(X)=2.46eV. BxGa1-xP is always indirect band gap material at any x value. The reason why BxIn1-xP and BxGa1-xP have relatively large bowing parameters is because there is relatively large lattice mismatch between the binary alloys constituting these two materials.	BxIn1-xP的带隙弯曲参数b _Eg(Γ)=4.32eV, b_Eg(X)=1.8eV,它从直接带隙转变为间接带隙时B的含量为0.47;在小量B的掺入下,可使BxIn1-xP的带隙变小,在x=0.15时带隙达到最小值1.33eV.BxGa1-xP的带隙弯曲参数b_Eg(Γ)=1.37eV, b_Eg(X)=2.46eV,在整个组分内是间接带隙.BxIn1-xP,BxGa1-xP有较大的带隙弯曲参数,是由于组成它们的二元系之间存在较大的晶格失配.
We used reflection high energy electron diffraction (RHEED) to carry? out in-situ monitoring on the growth and analyzed the surface profile and the crystal quality of the GaN epi-layer using scanning electron microscope (SEM), atomic force microscope (AFM) and X-ray diffraction (XRD).	利用反射式高能电子衍射(RHEED)对生长进行实时监控,并用扫描电子显微镜(SEM) 、原子力显微镜(AFM)和X射线衍射(XRD)法对GaN外延薄膜的表面形貌和晶体质量进行分析.
A combination of atomic force microscopy (AFM) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) is used to characterize dislocation etch pits in the Si-doped GaN epilayer etched by KOH.	用原子力显微镜和扫描电镜相结合的方法表征了KOH腐蚀后的Si掺杂GaN外延层中的位错腐蚀坑.
The paper describes a micro direct methanol fuel cell (μDMFC) fabricated by MEMS technology.	报道了一种利用MEMS技术制作的微型直接甲醇燃料电池.
Using a time-dependent dynamic simulation of the non-equilibrium electron transport properties of double-barrier devices, we analyzed the effects of relaxation time on electron transport properties of low dimensional device.	利用对双势垒器件非平衡态电子输运性质的含时动力学模拟计算,分析了弛豫时间对这类低维器件电子输运特性的影响.
The measurement of the chip shows a temperature sensitivity of 0.77V/°C.	芯片实测,温度灵敏度为0.77V/°C.
This paper introduces a new approach for the design and implementation of a programmable voltage reference based on an improved current mode bandgap voltage reference.	提出了一种新的基于改进的电流模式带隙基准源的可编程基准源的设计与实现方法.
The different InGaAs depositions at different positions of the sample lead to the uneven sizes and density distribution of the dots.	样品不同位置InGaAs的沉积量不同导致点的大小、密度分布不均匀.
Compared to traditional polynomial regression models, the Kriging model is more suitable for circuit simulation experiments. Using a genetic algorithm, we solved the global optimization problem of the Kriging metamodel circuits.	相对传统多项式回归模型,Kriging模型更适合电路仿真的实验类型;利用遗传算法,解决了基于Kriging元模型电路系统的全局优化问题.
Four dimensional dynamic behavior and the bifurcation of an optically pumped multi-quantum-well laser are studied. The effects of the intensity and frequency difference of the pumping light, and the line width enhancement factor and driven current of the laser on the bifurcation is numerically simulated. The process of how the laser changes from bifurcation, period, and multi-period to chaos, and the chaotic spectrum of the laser are obtained, respectively.	研究外部光注入多量子阱激光器四维系统动力学行为及其分岔,数值模拟了外部光注入光强度、频差以及激光器线宽增强参数、驱动电流对分岔的影响,分别得到激光由分岔、周期、多周期进入混沌的过程以及激光混沌频谱.
This paper proposes an implantable amplifier for neural signal recording with cuff electrodes in CSMC 0.6μm CMOS technology.	采用CSMC 0.6μm CMOS工艺设计了可用于植入式神经信号检测的放大器芯片.
This system framework has main properties including a fast model-based and outline border constrained shortest path algorithm based global router, a maze algorithm based congestion driven detailed router, and a better interaction between the two routers.	该系统框架的主要特征包括快速的基于模式的和基于外框约束下最短路算法的总体布线器、基于迷宫算法的拥挤度驱动的详细布线器以及在两个布线器之间很好的交互性.
Meanwhile, with the circuit, we elaborate the idea of taking full advantage of the device properties for circuit design.	同时,借此电路阐述一种充分利用器件特性设计电路的思想.
The cell structure is designed and structural parameters are chosen based on software simulation with TSUPREM4 and MEDICI and structural performance analysis.	基于TSUPREM4和MEDICI软件的模拟和结构性能的分析,设计单元结构并选取结构参数.
The switch was fabricated using MEMS technique and the results of the shocking-acceleration experiments agreed well with the design.	采用MEMS技术制造开关,并通过冲击加速度测试验证了设计结果.
Results indicate that optimizing the inductor’s geometrical parameters can effectively improve the performance of the inductor.	结果表明优化电感的几何参数可以有效地改善电感性能.
We present novel structures for a charge sensitive amplifier and a CR-(RC)n semi-Gaussian shaper in a fully integrated CMOS readout circuit for particle detectors.	提出了新型的应用于粒子探测器CMOS读出电路中的电荷灵敏放大器和CR-(RC)<sup>n</sup>半高斯整形器的结构.
Conductance activation energies of 0.21 and 0.321eV were obtained from the function of conductivity (lnσ) and temperature (T). It lays certain technical foundations for the fabrication of AlSb polycrystalline films for solar cells.	根据电导率(lnσ)与温度(T)的关系得到电导激活能为0.21和0.321eV,为制备出适用于太阳电池的AlSb多晶薄膜奠定了一定的技术基础.
Using a CSMC (Shanghua) standard 0.6μm CMOS process, we designed a pH sensor compatible with a CMOS process.	采用上华0.6μm CMOS标准工艺,设计了一种与CMOS工艺兼容的pH值传感器.
We proposed a novel method to partially compensate the shaped noise of Sigma-delta modulation.	提出了一种部分补偿Sigma Delta调制器整形噪声的新方案.
The polarity plays an important role in the etching process of GaN.	极性在GaN的腐蚀过程中起了重要作用.
This testing method can perform rapid testing on the whole screen. It features in high accuracy and no damage to the TFT array.	这种检测方法能够进行快速的全屏检测,具有精度高,对TFT阵列无损伤的特点.
It is novel that the logic tile, which consists of a programmable logic cluster and related connection boxes (CBs), can be configured as either programmable logic arrays (PLAs) or look-up tables (LUTs). PLAs are suitable for the implementation of high fan-in logic circuits, while LUTs are used to implement low fan-in logic circuits.	其创新之处在于由可编程逻辑簇(Cluster)和相关的连接盒(CB)组成的可编程逻辑单元片(Tile)可以根据应用需要灵活地配置成PLA或LUT,前者较适合于高扇入逻辑,后者较适合于低扇入逻辑.
Based on this, the BSIM team from UC Berkeley, USA, has performed a series of studies and development work on the international industrial standard chip simulated physical model - BSIM.	基于此, 美国Berkeley加州大学的BSIM团队对国际工业标准芯片仿真物理模型BSIM进行了一系列的研究和发展工作.
Compared to a traditional MZ interferometer, all the components in this interferometer were connected by polarization maintaining fibers.	与传统MZ干涉仪相比,该干涉仪中所有的部件都采用保偏光纤进行连接.
This circuit can be used in a CMOS LC oscillator.	这种电路可以用于CMOS LC振荡器中
Finally, we give the measurement results of the sensor.	最后给出了集成传感器芯片的性能测试结果.
With a 5V power supply, 1kHz input signal frequency, a 16Ω drive load, and a 120mW output power, the power amplifier has a total harmonic distortion of only 0.1%.	该功率放大器在电源电压为5V,输入信号频率为1kHz,驱动负载为16Ω,输出功率为120mW时的总谐波失真仅为0.1%.
This chip comprises an embedded DSP controller, memory, a synchronization detector, D/A converters, A/D converters, and a user programming interface.	芯片高度集成,内嵌DSP控制器、存储器、同步检测器、D/A、A/D及用户编程.
Due to the presence of tensile stress in the film, the energy of the sample increases, which inevitably results in the generation of defects to release the tensile stress to reduce the system’s energy.	由于薄膜中存在张应力,使得样品的能量升高,其结果必然会产生缺陷来释放张应力,以便降低系统能量.
The chip area is 0.5mm×1mm, and the power consumption of the core unit is 200mW under a single -5V power supply.	芯片面积为0.5mm×1mm,采用-5V单电源供电,核心单元功耗约为200mW.
The measurements using Superconducting Quantum Interference Device (SQUID) demonstrated that the film still shows ferromagnetism at room temperature, with a Curie temperature of about 400K.	超导量子干涉仪(SQUID)测量显示在室温下薄膜依然具有铁磁性,居里温度约为400K.
Formulas introduced by Jenei et al cannot be used on the inductors with this novel structure, and the improved Wheeler formula introduces a large error margin.	这种新结构电感的出现使得Jenei等人提出的闭合电感公式已不再适用于其电感值的计算,而改进的Wheeler公式计算误差又较大.
The inertial mass blocks of the accelerometer are supported by eight symmetrically distributed cantilevers at the upper and lower surfaces of the same (111) silicon wafer.	该加速度计的惯性质量块由同一(111)硅片上下表面对称分布的8根悬臂梁支撑.
In order to ensure the system’s safe operation during hot-swapping processes and to avoid the induced system collapses and the damages of the system and parts, we have presented a design of a hot-swap controller chip.	为保证系统在热插拔过程中安全工作,避免因之导致系统崩溃及系统与部件的损坏,提出一种热插拔控制芯片的设计.
The study shows that: using the silicidation process with one-step RTP to form NiSi, NiSi/Si interface is rougher on the undoped and As-doped Si substrates; the corresponding NiSi/Si interface using two-step RTP to form NiSi is much smoother than that from one-step RTP	研究表明:使用一步RTP形成NiSi的硅化工艺,在未掺杂和掺As的硅衬底上,NiSi/Si界面较粗糙;而使用两步RTP形成NiSi所对应的NiSi/Si界面要比一步RTP的平坦得多.
A microcrystalline silicon thin film solar cell prepared by very high frequency plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition has been studied.	对甚高频等离子体增强化学气相沉积技术制备的微晶硅薄膜太阳电池进行了研究.
The parameters of the model can be extracted using methods based on the Tucker model, and can be conveniently used in HSPICE circuit simulation software. Through comparison, it was found that the simulation results match well with the testing results.	模型的参数提取可以基于Tucker模型,并能方便地应用到HSPICE电路仿真软件中,通过对比可以发现,仿真结果和测试结果吻合得很好.
The device has good DC and RF properties. The output curves are smooth. It has no obvious kink effect, an off-state breakdown of 13V, and fT=6GHz at DC bias of Vg=Vd=3.6V.	该器件具有良好的直流和射频特性:输出曲线平滑,没有明显翘曲(kink)效应;静态击穿电压为13V;在栅漏偏压为3.6V时,截至频率为6GHz.
By analyzing the response of a variable capacitance to the small AC signal we can draw the following conclusion: variable capacitance with specific parameters forces the phase of the current to shift π, which results in the apparent negative capacitance in the measurement. The relation between the negative capacitance of a light emitting diode and the angular frequency is obtained.	分析可变电容对交流小信号响应得到:特定参数的可变电容使电流的相位移相π,使得在测量中表现为负电容;得到了发光二极管负电容与角频率的关系表达式.
To meet the requirements of small size and measurement of multi parameters, a monolithic silicon multi-sensor on an SOI wafer that consists of a three-axis piezoresistive accelerometer, a piezoresistive absolute pressure sensor, and a silicon thermistor temperature sensor is presented. Its accelerometer and absolute pressure sensor are based on Piezo-resistance effect of doped silicon, and the temperature sensor is based on resistance-temperature effect.	为满足小体积、多参数测量的要求,采用SOI硅片,设计了一种测量三轴加速度、绝对压力、温度参数的单片集成硅微传感器,其中加速度、绝对压力传感器基于掺杂硅压阻效应,温度传感器基于掺杂硅电阻温度效应.
AFM, wet chemical etching, and TEM analyses show: in the two-step ELOG grown GaN, defects under the mask are blocked by the mask; dislocations of the secondary grown GaN within window regions also reduce greatly; a grain boundary is formed at the coalescence boundary of neighboring growth fronts; and wet chemical etching cannot obtain any information of the defects at the coalescence boundary.	AFM,化学湿法腐蚀及TEM分析表明:采用两步法ELOG生长的GaN中,掩膜下方的缺陷被掩膜所阻挡,窗口区内二次生长的GaN的位错也大幅降低;在相邻生长前沿所形成的合并界面处形成晶界;化学湿法腐蚀无法得到关于合并界面处缺陷的信息.
The stress in the film was measured through varying the Pt content in the NiSi film and controlling the rates of temperature increase and decrease. It was found that the major room temperature stress in pure NiSi film and pure PtSi film grown on Si (100) substrates is thermal stress, which is 775MPa and 1.31GPa, respectively. However, for the Ni1-xPtxSi alloy film, the room temperature stress inceases with increasing Pt content.	通过改变NiSi薄膜中Pt含量以及控制热处理的升温、降温速率实时测量了薄膜应力,发现在Si (100)衬底上生长的纯NiSi薄膜和纯PtSi薄膜的室温应力主要是热应力,且分别为775MPa和1.31GPa,而对于Ni1-xPtxSi合金硅化物薄膜,室温应力则随着Pt含量的增加而逐渐增大.
Within the operating band of 21~28GHz, at a drain voltage of 6V, a gate voltage of -0.25V, a current of 82mA, the output power at the 1dB compression point is larger than 21dBm, the small signal gain is about 7dB, the input standing-wave ratio is less than 3, and the output standing-wave ratio is less than 2.	在21~28GHz的工作频段内,当漏极电压为6V,栅电压为-0.25V,电流为82mA时,1dB压缩点输出功率大于21dBm,小信号增益为7dB左右,输入驻波比小于3,输出驻波比均小于2.
Using the quantum hydrodynamic (QHD) model, we have simulated the I-V characteristics of a 35nm Si/Si1-xGex p-type resonant tunneling diode (RTD) at room temperature.	采用量子水动力学(QHD)模型模拟了35nm Si/Si1-xGex空穴型共振隧穿二极管(RTD)在室温下的I-V特性.
The neutral donor-valence band D0h luminescence of ZnO films deposited on p-type Si substrates grown by MOCVD is presented.	报道了用MOCVD方法制备的硅基ZnO薄膜中的中性施主-价带D0h发光.
A 32×32bit one-write-eight-read nine-port register file is designed using special memory cells to reduce operation current. Small swing is realized for bit-lines for both read and write operations. Combined with a self-reset address decoding circuit, gated clock and optimized sequential control logic, both high speed and low power consumption are realized in this register file, the full-customed layout of which has been designed using an SMIC 0.18μm process.	通过使用特殊的存储单元,减小工作电流,设计了一种32×32bit的1写8读9端口寄存器堆,读操作位线和写操作位线都实现了低摆幅,结合使用自复位地址译码电路、门限时钟和优化的时序控制电路等,实现了高速和低功耗的目标,并用SMIC 0.18μm工艺设计了全定制版图.
Using AFM, we found that the surface roughness of the ITO substrate treated with the Al2O3 polishing liquid was decreased. A reduced roughness can help to bind the anode and the organic material, which enhances the hole injection and hence improves the device’s performance.	通过原子力显微镜对ITO表面形貌进行分析,可以看到,经过Al2O3抛光液处理的ITO玻璃片表面粗糙度降低了,粗糙度的降低有助于阳极和有机物的结合,有利于空穴的注入,从而使得器件性能得到改善.
Using the semi-conductor professional softwares Tsuprem-4 and Medici, we have simulated and demonstrated that this model is extremely effective.  The breakdown voltage and on-resistance of the new LDMOS obtained through the optimization based on this model increases by 58.8% and decreases by 87.4% respectively compared with conventional LDMOS.	用半导体专业软件Tsuprem-4和Medici模拟证明了该模型十分有效,根据该模型优化得到的新型LDMOS的击穿电压和导通电阻分别比常规LDMOS增加58.8%和降低87.4%.
The performances of the cells with different buffer layers are compared. The cells using CBD-CdS as the buffer layer have a slightly higher conversion efficiency, fill factor, and open circuit voltage than the Cd-free cells using CBD-ZnS as the buffer layer, while the latter have higher short circuit current density than the former. The difference between the conversion efficiencies of these two types of cells is about 2%.	对比了不同缓冲层的电池性能,采用CBD-CdS为缓冲层的电池转换效率、填充因子、开路电压稍高于CBD-ZnS为缓冲层的无镉电池,但无镉电池的短路电流密度高于前者,两者转换效率相差2%左右.
An Hg3-3xIn2xTe3(MIT)(x=0.5) single crystal has been grown by the vertical Bridgman method, whose crystalline quality and electrical properties have also been studied using XRD, RO-XRD and Hall measurement.	利用垂直Bridgman法成功生长了Hg3-3xIn2xTe3(MIT)(x=0.5)单晶体,并用XRD, RO-XRD及霍尔测量对晶体的结晶质量及电学性能进行了研究.
The authors studied the influence of the amorphization process on the silicidation of Ni.	作者研究了这种非晶化处理对Ni硅化反应的影响.
The thicknesses of the absorption and multiplication layers were designed as 025 and 1μm, respectively.	设计器件的倍增层和吸收层厚度分别为025和1μm.
This paper describes a complete baseband chain for both GSM and WCDMA receivers using an SMIC 0.35µm CMOS mixed signal process.	采用SMIC 0.35μm CMOS混合信号工艺,实现了同时适用于GSM/WCDMA的完整的基带.
Using 0.2μm GaAs PHEMT technology from the French company OMMIC, we designed and implemented a 36GHz voltage-controlled oscillator circuit.	利用法国OMMIC公司的0.2μm GaAs PHEMT工艺,设计实现了一个36GHz压控振荡器电路.
We study the influence of interactions between phonons and magnetic field on the properties of the bound polaron in a semiconductor quantum dot.	研究声子之间相互作用和磁场对半导体量子点中束缚极化子性质的影响.
A delayed-dipole-domain operation mode for semi-insulating photoconductive switches based on transferred electron effect is proposed and the periodic oscillation damping at high electric field is theoretically analyzed.	基于转移电子效应提出半绝缘光电导开关延迟偶极畴工作模式,理论分析了强场下开关的周期性减幅振荡.
When the size of the aperture was 400nm×400nm, the maximum far-field output power reached 0.3mW at a driving current of 25mA, and the power density was about 2mW/μm2.	当小孔尺寸为400nm×400nm时,在25mA驱动电流下,其最大输出光功率达到了0.3mW,功率密度约为2mW/μm2.
We have discussed the influence of the p-top dose, the length of the equipotential rings, the spacing of the equipotential rings, and the thickness of the oxide layer on the breakdown voltage of MER-LDMOS.	讨论了p-top剂量、等位环长度、等位环间距以及氧化层厚度对MER-LDMOS击穿电压的影响.
and the frequency response time of the micro-mirror is less than 1ms.	的扭转角度,微镜面的频率响应时间小于1ms.
Compared with the measured Q factor of the inductors using the original design methods, the Q factor of the optimized 5.7GHz inductor can be improved to 5~8.	与使用原有设计方法测出的电感的Q值相比,经过优化的5.7GHz电感的Q值可改进到5~8.
Experiments based on MCNC benchmark circuits, which are performed in both the proposed hybrid FPGA architecture and conventional LUT-based symmetrical FPGA architecture, show area consumption by hybrid FPGA can be saved 46% on average. Thus,	MCNC电路测试结果进一步表明,同一逻辑电路在文中提出的混合FPGA新结构中实现与在基于LUT的对称FPGA结构中实现相比,面积平均可节省46%,因而
An analytical expression that approximates the displacement induced by outside shock is derived.	得到了近似计算外界惯性冲击引起位移的解析式.
Based on the analysis of floating body effect, breakdown characteristics, back gate threshold, edge current leakage, ESD, and radiation resistant properties of SOI devices, we brought forth some technical approaches to improve SOI device and circuit performance.	在分析SOI器件的浮体效应、击穿特性、背栅阈值、边缘漏电、ESD及抗辐照特性的基础上,提出了提高SOI器件和电路性能的技术途径.
We have improved the intrinsic collector and emitter current equation in the III-V compound HBT model. The fitting capability of this model is enhanced.	对III-V族化合物HBT模型本征集电极和发射极电流方程进行了改进,加强了模型的拟合能力.
As a result of using Al-free grating, the second epitaxy quality is ensured and good device performance is achieved accordingly.	由于采用无铝光栅,保证了二次外延质量,从而得到较好的器件性能.
We have obtained some practical design principles, which can effectively direct the design of integrated inductors in radio frequency integrated circuits.	得出了一些实用的设计原则,可有效地指导射频集成电路中集成电感的设计.
We have reported a technique to fabricate a Bragg grating on a silicon-on-insulator ridge optical waveguide by means of electron-beam exposure.	报道了一种用电子束曝光的方法在绝缘体上硅的脊状光波导上制做布拉格光栅的技术.
The band-tail state distribution is given using the Kronig-Penney model.	用克龙尼克-潘纳模型给出了带尾态分布.
we proposed a simple and effective technology to fabricate an organic/metal Schottky diode. With a simple vacuum vapor deposition technology, an organic film of PTCDA (C24H8O6) and a metal electrode Au are deposited on transparent conducting glass ITO respectively.	提出了一种简单有效的有机/金属肖特基二极管的制备方法:通过简单的真空气相沉积工艺,依次将有机材料PTCDA (C24H8O6)薄膜和金属电极Au蒸镀在透明导电玻璃ITO上.
The circuit configuration obtained using the proposed method is very simple. Also, it is very easy to determine the ratio of the values of individual coupling capacitors.	采用所提出的方法综合得到的电路结构十分简单,而且很容易确定各耦合电容之间的取值比例.
Since the final model is represented using a series of convolution kernels, it can provide enough accuracy and speed required for the optical proximity correction.	由于最终的模型是用一批卷积核的形式表示,建成的模型能够满足光学邻近校正对准确性和快速性的要求.
As for the interface state of exponential distribution, the influence of interface state under a low gate voltage can be basically ignored. As the gate voltage increases, the influence of the interface state becomes more noticeable.	对于指数分布的界面态,低栅压下界面态的影响基本上可以忽略不计,随着栅压的增加,界面态的影响越来越显著.
Experiment results show the battery generates a maximum power of 2.52mW/cm2 at room temperature.	实验结果表明,该电池室温下产生了2.52mW/cm2的最大功率.
Simulation results show the contact of n+ polycrystal silicon /n+ SiC heterojunction can form excellent Ohmic contact with the advantages of simple process and excellent performance.	模拟结果表明n+多晶硅/n+SiC异质结接触可以形成良好的欧姆接触,具有工艺简单、性能优良的优点.
The PbSe film surface fabricated without Se beam flux (Rf = 0) presents three dimensional island-line structures.	在无Se束流(Rf=0)下制备的PbSe薄膜表面呈现三维岛状结构.
We studied magnetoresistance fluctuations of two-dimensional electron gases (2DEG) in modulation doped AlxGa1-x N/GaN heterojunctions with different Al compositions at low temperatures and strong magnetic fields, using magnetotransport measurements.	在低温和强磁场下,通过磁输运测量研究了不同Al组分调制掺杂Al<sub>x<sub>Ga<sub>1-x<sub>N/GaN异质结二维电子气(2DEG)的磁电阻振荡现象.
The study shows that the primary heat dissipation paths of the Joule heat generated in the interconnect wires are the metal lines in each metal layer and the paths with the smaller thermal resistance in each dielectric layer.	研究表明互连线上焦耳热的主要散热途径为金属层内的金属线和介质层中热阻相对小的路径.
Using bias stress measurements, this paper studied the level of current collapse AlGaN/GaN HEMTs of three structures: with and without surface passivation, and with field plate.	文中采用应力测试方法,研究了未钝化、钝化以及场板三种结构的AlGaN/GaN HEMT 的电流崩塌程度.
We performed DC property and S-parameter measurements for fabricated RF nMOS devices. The measurement results show that the property frequency of the nMOS transistors reached 93GHz, which is over 90GHz.	对制作的射频nMOS器件进行了直流特性和S参数测试,测试结果表明射频nMOS管的特征频率f<sub>T</sub>达到了93GHz, f<sub>max</sub>超过了90GHz.
In the region with constant Ge composition, the change of the built-in electric field is trivial. At the same position x of the region where the Ge composition varies linearly and slowly, the built-in electric field increases slowly with increasing the turning point x1 of Ge composition.	在Ge组分恒定的区域,内建电场变化甚微,在Ge组分为线性缓变区域的同一位置x处,内建电场随Ge组分转折点x1的增大而缓慢地增大.
The results show that, in the case without the SiO2 mask, an accurate pattern transfer cannot be ensured due to the worse selectivity of the PMMA resist.	结果表明,不使用SiO2做掩模的情况下,由于PMMA胶选择性较差,在刻蚀过程中难以保证图形的准确转移.
The principle and design approaches of negative resistance oscillators are also discussed.	同时,还讨论了负阻振荡器的原理和设计方法.
We studied the fabrication of high-density Ge-dots/Si multilayered structure by low-pressure chemical vapor deposition (LPCVD) and metal-induced lateral crystallization.	研究了利用低压化学气相沉积(LPCVD)和金属诱导横向结晶技术制备高密度Ge/Si量子点多层异质结构.
Results show the optimal annealing temperature for the improvement of the In0.14Ga0.86N film quality is 500℃	结果表明,有利于提高In0.14Ga0.86N薄膜质量的最佳退火温度为500°C.
We successfully fabricated 95nm metal gate CMOS devices with excellent short channel effect restraining ability and good drive ability.	成功地制备了具有良好的短沟道效应抑制能力和驱动能力的栅长为95nm的金属栅CMOS器件.
At any given position x, the built-in electric field? increases with increasing Ge composition.	在任一给定位置x处,内建电场随着Ge组分的增加而增大.
Post-layout simulation using Hspice at an operation voltage of 1.8V showed a write time of 1.7ns and a read time of 1.32ns. At a clock frequency of 500MHz, the maximum power consumption when all nine ports operate simultaneously is 70mW.	在1.8V工作电压下用Hspice进行版图后仿真结果显示,写入时间为1.7ns,读取时间为1.32ns,时钟频率为500MHz时,9个端口同时工作的最大功耗为70 mW.
Compared to the conventional method of fixed loosening delay restriction, when the delay restriction is loosened 7%, the method saves an area of 74.79%.	与传统的固定放宽延时约束的方法相比较,当延时约束放宽7%时,这种方法可以节约74.79%的面积.
A series of microcrystalline silicon thin films at different silane concentrations were fabricated by extra high frequency plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition using relatively higher pressure and power.	采用甚高频等离子体增强化学气相沉积技术,在相对较高气压和较高功率条件下,制备了不同硅烷浓度的微晶硅材料.
The thickness of the nanoleaves is about 20nm, and the width is about 100nm.	纳米叶的厚度大约为20nm,宽度为100nm左右.
A ZnO single crystal is grown by a chemical vapor transport method.	利用化学气相传输法生长了ZnO单晶.
We have reported the design and fabrication of a 128×128 AlGaAs/GaAs quantum well infrared focal plane detector array.	报道了128×128 AlGaAs/GaAs量子阱红外焦平面探测器阵列的设计和制作.
In our research, we used silicon micromechanical technique to integrate the manufacture of resonance cantilevers and developed closed-loop interface circuits for high performance resonance sensors.	研究中采用硅微机械技术实现了集成谐振悬臂梁的制作,并研制出了高性能的谐振传感器闭环接口电路.
The cantilevers are made via anisotropic etching of (111) silicon in KOH solution combined with deep reactive ion etching (DRIE). The etching can be accurately controlled, which ensures the symmetry of the structure.	这些悬臂梁是利用(111)硅在KOH溶液中的各向异性腐蚀特性结合深反应离子刻蚀(DRIE)实现的,其尺度精确可控,保证了结构的对称性.
Magnetic hysteresis loops were measured using an alternative gradient magnetometer, and the results showed the film is of strong geometric anisotropy.	用可变梯度磁力计测量了薄膜的磁滞回线,结果显示薄膜有很强的几何各向异性
After testing and calibrating the high-speed photodetector, the results we obtained match the data provided by the manufacturer very well, thus demonstrating the accuracy and effectiveness of this method.	通过对标准高速光探测器的测试和校准,得到的结果与制造商提供的数据表相当符合,证明了该测试方法的准确性和有效性.
Due to large lattice mismatch, ZnO nanocrystals can usually be obtained easily, but it’s hard to obtain smooth ZnO films with good quality.	由于存在比较大的晶格失配,一般容易得到ZnO纳米结晶,不容易获得既平坦且质量又好的ZnO薄膜.
The chip was fabricated using an SMIC 0.35μm mixed signal process, with a die size of 2mm×2mm.	该芯片采用SMIC 0.35μm混合信号工艺实现,芯片尺寸为2mm×2mm.
We proposed a frequency-domain equalizer and a novel baseline wander (BLW) canceller for a 100/1000Base-TX transceiver.	提出了一种用于100/1000Base-TX收发器的频域均衡器和新颖的基线漂移消除电路.
Katsuki has proposed wear behavior between a single slurry particle and the wafer surface based on atomic force microscopy (AFM) measurements. Based on the above technique, we use linear regression in this paper to calculate that the scratch depth under the practical load condition of Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP) is on the order of 1e-11m. Nishizawa used spectroscopic ellipsometry (SE) to measure the relationship between the thickness of oxidized thin film and the chemical action time, and combining with theoretical calculation, we found that in 1.0e-8s, oxidized thin film thickness is on an order of 1e-13m.	Katsuki采用原子力显微镜(AFM)模拟单个磨粒与芯片的划痕作用,文中以此为基础使用线性回归的方法计算了化学机械抛光(CMP)中实际载荷情况下的划痕深度数量级为1e-11m; Nishizawa 应用椭圆偏振光谱仪(SE)测试了氧化薄膜厚度和反应时间的关系,并结合理论计算得到1.0e-8s 内氧化薄膜厚度的量级为1e-13m.
A novel FPGA interconnection prediction algorithm is proposed, which includes estimation algorithms for both interconnection length and channel width.	提出了一种新的FPGA互连预测算法,包括互连长度估计算法和通道宽度估计算法.
Reflection spectra and transmission spectra of the films were measured using a Cary 5000 dual-beam spectrometer, which showed that in the intrinsic absorption region, the transmittance decreases with increasing film thickness or decreasing wavelength.	用Cary 5000型双光束分光光度计测试了薄膜的反射谱和透射谱,显示在本征吸收区透过率随着膜厚的增加和波长的减小而减小.
A radio frequency power LDMOS device with an n-type buried PSOI (partial SOI) structure is presented.	提出了具有n埋层PSOI(部分SOI)结构的射频功率LDMOS器件.
AFM images indicate that the surface of metal Al film deposited by magnetron sputtering consists of grains with sizes of about 300nm. The roughness of the surface is approximately several tens of nanometers, which is about 10nm described in terms of statistical mean value (root mean square, RMS). After refractory metal film of Ti or Ta is deposited on the Al film surface, the planarization effect of the buffer layer metal surface can be well improved.	原子力显微镜照片表明:磁控溅射沉积的金属铝膜的表面由尺寸约为300nm的颗粒组成,其表面粗糙度约为几十纳米的量级,用统计平均值(均方根值root mean square,RMS)描述约为10nm;在铝膜的表面沉积一层难溶金属Ti或Ta膜以后,可很好地改善过渡层金属表面的平坦化效果.
In the design of current-mode PWM DC-DC converters, the slope compensation method widely used to prevent sub-harmonic oscillation can significantly weaken the load capacity of the chip under a high duty cycle.	电流模PWM集成DC-DC变换器设计中,为了防止亚谐波振荡而普遍采用的斜坡补偿,会在占空比较大时严重影响芯片的带载能力.
The results show that the delay variation range is 78.6%, dynamic power 94.0%, and the variation of leakage power is 19.5X. Thus the leakage power has the most variation.	测得延迟的波动范围为78.6%,动态功耗的波动范围为94.0%,漏电流功耗的波动范围为19.5倍,其中以漏电流功耗的波动性最为严重.
We proposed a novel approach to fabricate Andreev reflection measurement samples.	提供了一种用于安德鲁反射测量样品制备新方法.
The preorder active layer of the 3D CMOS integrated circuit still employs Si for the nMOS device, while the postorder active employs SiGe for the pMOS device.	该三维CMOS集成电路前序有源层仍采用Si材料,制作nMOS器件;后序有源层则采用SiGe材料,以制作pMOS器件.
The 128×128 AlGaAs/GaAs quantum well infrared focal plane detector array chip is flip-chip interconnected with the corresponding CMOS read-out circuit chip. Under a working temperature of 80K, infrared thermal images of targets from the room temperature surroundings are achieved, with a ratio of dead pixels of less than 1%.	将128×128元 AlGaAs/GaAs量子阱红外焦平面探测器阵列芯片与相关CMOS读出电路芯片倒装焊互连,在80K工作温度下实现了室温环境目标的红外热成像,盲元率小于1%.
Starting from a randomly generated crystal structure, we introduce a fill factor controlling operator and Fourier transform data storage mechanism in the genetic algorithm. The cubic lattice photonic crystal with relatively large absolute band-gap is found rapidly, which has a relative width of 13.25% for the maximum complete band-gap, and is relatively easy to prepare.	从随机产生的晶体结构开始,在遗传算法中引入占空比控制算符和傅里叶变换数据备份机制,快速搜索到了具有较大绝对禁带的正方晶格光子晶体,其最大完全禁带的相对宽度值为13.25%,并且制备难度较低.
This is because the tunneling mechanism is changed by magnetic field. Nonresonant tunneling current or hopping conduction at a low magnetic field switches to resonant tunneling at a higher magnetic field.	这是由于磁场导致电子的隧穿机制发生了变化,即由低磁场下电子的非共振隧穿或跳跃电导向高磁场下电子的共振隧穿的转变.
The measured noise figures of maximum gain are 27.3dBm and 42dBm in the WCDMA and GSM modes, respectively.	在最大增益情况下测得的噪声系数在GSM和WCDMA模式下分别为42和27.3dBm.
ZnS can be used as the buffer layer of CIGS cells to replace CdS, thus realizing CdS-free cells.	ZnS可以作为CIGS电池的缓冲层,替代CdS,实现电池的无镉化.
Several key techniques for a PLL-type frequency synthesizer for WLAN receivers are studied.	对无线局域网接收机用锁相环型频率综合器的几项关键技术进行了研究.
Experimental data are well in agreement with this theoretical analysis.	实验数据与理论结果吻合得很好.
This structure has relatively good potential applications in the fields of automobile electronics, radiation hardening, and environments with a strong electromagnetic pulse.	这种结构在汽车电子、抗辐射、强电磁脉冲环境等领域有较好的潜在应用.
We find that SiGe has a higher crystallinity on n-Si substrate than that on SiO2 under the same annealing conditions.	发现在同样退火条件下,SiGe在n-Si衬底上比SiO2上有更高的结晶度.
We measured the X-ray diffraction patterns, Raman spectra and photoluminescence (PL) spectra.	测量了这三种样品的X射线衍射图形、喇曼光谱和光致发光光谱.
We found that among the three error sources -including the lateral offset of chips, the tilt of chips, and the tilt of the TO-cap - the tilt of the TO-cap has the greatest effect on the coupling efficiency of the packaging subassemblies.	发现在芯片横向偏移、芯片倾斜和管帽倾斜这三种操作误差中,管帽倾斜对封装组件的耦合效率影响最大.
Based on 0.18μm RF CMOS technology, using two-ended tunable structures, we implemented a voltage controlled oscillator applicable for WLAN dual-frequency conversion transceiver.	基于0.18μm RF CMOS工艺,采用双端调谐结构实现了一种可应用于WLAN的二次变频收发机的压控振荡器.
We design a speech feature extraction circuit with a simple structure which is to be easily implemented by chip technique.	设计一种便于芯片技术实现、结构简单的语音特征提取电路.
Ohmic contacts and dry etching techniques are optimized to obtain high quality SiC MESFET.	通过对欧姆接触和干法刻槽工艺的优化,研制出高性能的SiC MESFET.
We eliminated the influence of tilt and strain of the epitaxial layer on mismatch determination. By accurate calculatation we obtain that the bulk mismatch of the InAsP epitaxial layer is 1.446% and the bulk mismatch of the InGaAsP epitaxial layer is -0.5849%. Furthermore, we grown high quality strain-compensated 8-well multiple quantum wells.	排除了外延层倾斜及应变对确定失配度的影响,准确计算得到InAsP外延层体失配度为1.446%, InGaAsP外延层体失配度为-0.5849%,并且生长了高质量的应变补偿8阱多量子阱.
Both have inconsistent optimizing directions when energy and temperature are simultaneously optimized by dynamic voltage scaling.	使用电压调整技术对电路的能量消耗和温度进行协同优化时,两者具有不一致的优化方向.
We obtained simulation results consistent with measurements in the frequency range from 100MHz to 30GHz.	在100MHz到30GHz频率范围内得到了与测试结果相吻合的仿真结果.
Through the analysis of the effect of shielding plate on the plasma parameters, it is found that the shielding plate helps to improve the plasma density.	通过分析屏蔽板对等离子体参数的影响,发现其有助于提高等离子体密度.
The reason for the further reduction of free carrier lifetime when the pin structure is under reverse bias is also studied, and the theoretical limit of the free carrier lifetime is obtained by considering the velocity saturation of free carriers in a strong field.	同时,研究了pin结构外加反偏电压时,自由载流子寿命进一步缩短的原因,并从强场下自由载流子速度饱和的角度出发,得到了自由载流子寿命的理论极限值.
The circuit was realized using a TSMC 0.18μm process.	该电路采用TSMC 0.18μm工艺实现.
The circuit consists of four 10×120μm HEMT transistors, one Wilkinson power combiner and splitter.	该电路包含4个10×120μm的HEMT晶体管以及一个Wilkinson功率合成器和分配器.
The paper presents an overview of the history, modifications, properties and applications of two well known dielectric function models, i.e., the Forouhi-Bloomer model and the Tauc-Lorentz model, which were widely used for the extraction and parameterization of optical constants in semiconductors and dielectrics.	回顾了两个著名的广泛用于提取或参数化半导体和电介质材料光学常数的介电函数模型,即Forouhi-Bloomer和Tauc-Lorentz模型的历史、各种改进、各自特点和应用.
A 2.5Gb/s/ch data recovery circuit is designed for SFI-5 interfaces.	设计了一个应用于SFI-5接口的2.5Gb/s/ch数据恢复电路.
This analytical model includes the quasi-2D distribution of the electric potential throughout the whole channel and a threshold voltage model suitable for the short channel double-gate MOSFET with Schottky barriers.	这个解析模型包括整个沟道的准二维电势分布和适用于短沟双栅肖特基势垒MOSFET的阈值电压模型.
In order to keep uniform current distribution in the converters of a parallel DC power converting system, reduce the electric and thermal stress in the converters, and to improve the reliability of the system, we propose an automatic master-slave control current sharing scheme, as well as the design of the current sharing control chip, which is the key component for realizing the scheme.	为实现并行直流转换电源系统中转换器电流的均衡分布,降低转换器承受的电、热应力,提高系统可靠性,给出一种采用自动主从控制策略的均流方案,并给出了方案实现的关键部件--均流控制芯片的设计.
A more practical, more complete theory becomes an instant need.	而一个更切合实际的、更完善的理论成为迫切的需要.
The power consumption is only 120mW.	芯片的功耗仅为120mW.
Using CMOS compatible technology We successfully developed a single-electron device and clearly observed Coulomb blockade effect. We fabricated an AlAs/GaAs/In0.1Ga0.9As/GaAs/AlAs double-barrier resonant tunneling diode on semi-insulated GaAs substrate. The resonant tunneling device, developed with a ring collector and a thin barrier structure, has a peak-valley current ratio of up to 13.98 measured at room temperature and peak current density of over 89kA/cm2. We summarized the progress of the studies on molecular memories with crossing arrays.	采用CMOS兼容的工艺成功地研制出单电子器件,观察到明显的库仑阻塞效应;在半绝缘GaAs衬底上制作了AlAs/GaAs/In0.1Ga0.9As/GaAs/AlAs双势垒共振隧穿二极管,采用环型集电极和薄势垒结构研制的共振隧穿器件,在室温下测得其峰谷电流比高达13.98,峰电流密度大于89kA/cm2;概述了交叉阵列的分子存储器的研究进展.
The amplifier has a measured -3dB bandwidth of 7.5GHz and a transimpedance gain of 45dBΩ. Both the input and output voltage standing wave ratios (VSWR) are less than 2. The equivalent input noise current spectral density varies from 14.3 to 22pA/Hz, with an average of 17.2pA/Hz.	测量得到放大器-3dB带宽为7.5GHz,跨阻增益为45dBΩ;输入输出电压驻波比(VSWR) 均小于2;等效输入噪声电流谱密度在14.3~22pA/Hz之间,平均值为17.2pA/Hz.
We have discussed the chemical thermodynamic processes and phenomena involved in the PVT growth of AlN crystals.	讨论了PVT法生长AlN晶体所涉及的化学热力学过程和现象.
The performance of the circuit is enhanced by using a tunable, fully differential oscillator structure and adopting a capacitive source-coupled differential current amplifier and a tunable load circuit.	该电路采用完全差分的调谐振荡器结构,通过引进容性源极耦合差动电流放大器和调谐负载电路,提高了电路的性能.
Finally, we studied the PL spectrum of the crystallization samples and analyzed in detail the physical essence of every PL peak.	最后对晶化样品的光致发光谱进行研究,详细分析了各个光致发光峰的物理本质.
This simplified model overcomes the limitation of the Raab model, which can only solve two specific instances: zero differential delay and infinite bandwidth of the envelope path. A contour map derived from the general model proposed in this paper can help designers choose circuit parameters quickly and accurately.	该简化模型克服了Raab模型只能处理零延时差和无穷包络通道带宽这两个特例的局限性;采用本文模型得出的交调失真等高线图还可以帮助设计者快速准确地选择电路参数.
By analyzing the cavity concentration in the  base region, we have clarified the different opinions on the positions of the optimal local lifetime region for a long time. All conclusions are unified.	通过对基区空穴浓度的分析,澄清了长期以来对于最优局域低寿命区位置的不同看法,将各种结论统一起来.
	
XRD and Raman scattering measurement were carried out to analyze the crystal structure and the components of the samples.	利用XRD和喇曼散射仪分析了样品的晶体结构和组成.
In order to verify the conclusion, we computed the transient states mentioned above by means of numerical simulation.	为了验证这个判断,采用数值仿真手段计算了上述瞬态.
Based on the dose relation achieved from calculation, according to the mode of overlapping increment scanning, we have conducted exposure experiments on an SDS-3 electron beam exposure machine. After development, we have obtained distinct three-dimensional structures of conic trapezoids and cones.	根据计算得到的剂量关系,按照重复增量扫描方式,在SDS-3电子束曝光机上进行了曝光实验,显影后得到了轮廓清晰的梯锥和圆锥的三维结构.
At room temperature, the threshold current of the CW operating 1.55μm laser diodes is 48mA, which corresponds to an threshold current density of 2.13kA/cm2 and a differential resistance of 5.8Ω. At an injection current of 220mA, the output optical power reaches 15mW.	室温连续工作的1.55μm激光器阈值电流为48mA,对应的阈值电流密度和微分电阻分别为2.13kA/cm2和5.8Ω,在约220mA时输出光功率达15mW.
Analysis and testing showed that the fabricated CdS/CdTe laminated solar cell has evident laminated structure, with a maximum open circuit voltage of 852mV, a maximum short circuit current density of 13mA/cm2, a maximum fill factor of 55.2%, and an efficiency of as high as 8.16% (0.071cm2).	经分析测试,实验制备的CdS/CdTe叠层太阳电池具有明显的叠层结构,开路电压最高达到了852mV,短路电流密度最大为13mA/cm2,填充因子最高为55.2%,这种叠层电池的效率达到了8.16% (0.071cm2) .
The peak wavelength of the PL spectrum is 764nm under room temperature. Due to the In carry-over effect, and because the interface between InGaP and AlGaAs is not abrupt, inserting a 5nm GaAsP interlayer between the InGaP/AlGaAs interface considerablely improves the quality of the interface.	在室温下外延材料的荧光峰值波长为764nm,由于In原子的记忆效应(In carry-over effect)和As/P的替换作用使材料的InGaP/AlGaAs界面不陡峭,通过在InGaP/AlGaAs间长一层5nm的GaAsP大大改善了界面质量.
A technology for the monolithic integration of resonant tunneling diodes (RTDs) and high electron mobility transistors (HEMTs) is developed.	介绍了一种基于共振隧穿二极管(RTD)和高电子迁移率晶体管(HEMT)的单片集成电路.
We implemented a low power ASK IF receiver circuit for short-range wireless systems.	实现了一个适用于短距离无线系统的低功耗ASK中频接收机电路.
In the receiver, a novel digital demodulation method is used to demodulate the 2RC CPFSK signals.	在接收机中,使用了一种新颖的数字解调方法实现2RC CPFSK信号的解调.
Based on 3D cellular automata, we achieved the integration of photolithography process simulation modules of the fabrication processes of integrated circuits and microelectromechanical systems, i.e., imaging, exposure, post-bake, photoresist etching, etc.	基于3D元胞自动机方法实现了影像成形、曝光、后烘和光刻胶刻蚀过程等集成电路和微电子机械系统加工过程中的光刻过程模拟模块的集成.
The recovery root-mean-square jitter for 2.5Gb/s data is 3.3ps.	恢复出2.5Gb/s数据的均方抖动为3.3ps.
The results indicate that when the p-type doping level increases, the required barrier height decreases, i.e., the Al composition decreases.	结果表明,当p型掺杂水平增高时,所需要的势垒高度减小,即Al组分减小.
Using a small-signal equivalent circuit model, we simulated the AC properties of nMOS transistors.	采用小信号等效电路模型对该nMOS管的交流特性进行了模拟.
At the same time by investigating the slope of Weibull distribution, it is found that the slope of the Vbd distribution is much larger than that of Qbd, and the curves fit very well.	同时,通过考察Weibull分布的斜率还发现,击穿电压值的分布斜率要比击穿电量大的多,而且曲线拟合得更好.
A method for binary neuron MOS circuit design is presented, which introduces a multi-value summation signal.	提出一种通过引入多值求和信号指导设计二值神经元MOS电路的方法.
The analytical models agree well with the simulation results of the numerical simulation software MEDICI.	解析模型与数值模拟软件MEDICI所得结果高度吻合.
Finally, we have measured the temperature characteristics of the ITO film. The results show that the slope of the relation curve between the sheet resistance and temperature turns from positive to negative.	最后,测量了ITO薄膜的温度特性,结果显示,方块电阻与温度的关系曲线斜率从正变化到负.
We proposed a novel wide-range CMOS variable gain amplifier topology.	提出了一种新颖的宽范围CMOS可变增益放大器结构.
